Skip to content
Status Guides
GET 100+ FREE APPLETS FOR YOUR BUSINESS
Get Started
Log In
BACK
2000+ Performance Review Phrases: The Complete List [Performance Feedback Examples]
 

Collaboration and Cooperation
Part 1
Commitment and Professionalism
Part 2
Attendance and Punctuality
Part 3
Productivity and Quality of Work
Part 4
Adaptability
Part 5
Communication and Interpersonal Skills
Part 6
Creativity and Innovation
Part 7
Accountability
Part 8
Customer Focus and Customer Satisfaction
Part 9
Decision-Making and Problem-Solving
Part 10
Dependability and Reliability
Part 11
Ethics and Integrity
Part 12
Flexibility
Part 13
Goal-Setting
Part 14
Initiative
Part 15
Job Knowledge
Part 16
Judgment
Part 17
Listening Skills
Part 18
Leadership and Mentoring
Part 19
Management Style and Supervision
Part 20
Organizing and Planning
Part 21
Teamwork
Part 22
Technical Skills
Part 23
Time Management
Part 24
Training Ability
Part 25
Attitude
Part 26
Critical Thinking
Part 27
General Phrases
Part 28
Free online tools for work:
1. Fluxes.com — Free Project and Task Management Software
2. Status.net — Software for Status Updates and Performance Feedback

PART 1

Collaboration and Cooperation
Meets or Exceeds Expectations
✓ He is the group leader and allocates appropriate tasks to his teammates.

✓ He has created a team that works collaboratively to finish the project much faster.

✓ He helps coworkers with their tasks even if they are outside his direct responsibility.

✓ He always assists coworkers that are having difficulty with their tasks.

✓ He takes care that every team member’s allocated task is the best one for them.

✓ He has a wide skill set and although he has some weaknesses, he always seeks help from appropriate colleagues when needed.

✓ He has built the multiple working relationships needed to get the job done.

✓ He has good relationships with all of her peers. They all assist each other when needed.

✓ He helps other employees even when not required to.

✓ The team he has created is a good example for others to follow.

✓ He promotes cooperation throughout the organization very well.

✓ He tackles all tasks he is assigned enthusiastically and also takes on additional tasks.

✓ He promotes cooperation well to ensure staff work as a team to meet deadlines.

✓ He encourages people to work together to achieve a common goal.

✓ He puts getting the job done ahead of his own interests.

✓ He works well with coworkers, staff, managers, and members of other teams.

✓ He understands clearly that to complete the projects is a team effort. He is always willing to help others when needed.

✓ He connects his staff members together well to create a team first environment.

✓ He promotes a team-centered environment.

✓ He is a proven team player.

✓ He is an asset who can effectively work with other teams and departments.

✓ He does what it takes to get the job done. He also takes on additional tasks.

✓ He ensures coworkers coordinate to meet deadlines and work effectively as a team.

✓ He encourages people to work together towards a common goal.

✓ He gives of himself to make sure the job is well done.

✓ He offers assistance willingly.

✓ He makes a positive contribution to morale.

✓ He accepts constructive criticism positively.

✓ She shows sensitivity and consideration to other people’s feelings.

✓ He creates a positive and inclusive work environment.

✓ He is a strong team player; who is humble and says that projects are the achievement of the whole team.

✓ He builds solidarity between his team members to enhance team spirit.

✓ He one of is the top staff members who cooperates well with other teams and divisions.

✓ He always tries his best to finish his tasks, even these duties do not belong to him.

✓ He unites individuals together in order to meet deadlines and efficiently perform their duties.

✓ He can be counted on to carry out assignments with careful follow-through and follow-up.

✓ He helps form alliances between his staff members and foster a team-first environment.

✓ He excels at any project he is involved due to his ability to form effective teams.

✓ He can bring disparate groups together even in the most difficult situations.

✓ He will do whatever is necessary to get the job done, even taking on extra tasks that are not his own.

Below Expectations
✗ He is not a willing team player and prefers to work individually.

✗ He is unwilling to assist coworkers, even when asked.

✗ He is professional in his work but is unwilling to give advice to others.

✗ He was unwilling to give help when requested to.

✗ He does not have the necessary skills to complete the work and is unwilling to find someone who does.

✗ He has not joined the group even after being required to.

✗ He doesn’t communicate with other employees nor help when asked.

✗ He was unwilling to listen to or take on board the wealth of advice given to him.

✗ Despite being a team member, he doesn’t complete his allocated tasks.

✗ Despite numerous invitations to join the team, he prefers to work alone.

✗ He does not permit his staff to assist other departments.

✗ He does not assist others when they need it.

✗ He does not see the workplace as a team environment and prefers to go it alone.

✗ He does not provide a team-centered support environment.

✗ He cannot commit his team towards the organization’s goals.

✗ He shows himself to be a person who does not want to work with others.

✗ He does not share key information with colleagues because he fears he will be marginalized.

✗ He is known to be hot-tempered with his colleagues.

✗ He is the person least likely to offer assistance when needed.

✗ He demonstrates a desire to avoid working with others.

✗ He is very good when performing individual tasks but is weaker when required to work in a team or with coworkers.

✗ He easily takes on new tasks well but fails to communicate with and train others who may also be required to take them on.

✗ He consistently fails to be an effective team player. He needs to improve on his teamwork over the coming months.

✗ He is cautious and afraid of confrontation which leads to him being averse to taking risks.

✗ He is easily upset when not offered assistance when he feels he needs it. He does not help others.

✗ He is too focused on finding new ways to accomplish things rather than cooperating with others in a process which is already well tested and defined.

✗ He tends to complain about a lack of resources and personnel instead of making do with what he has

✗ He tends to be distant and unapproachable. His colleagues hesitate to ask him for assistance due to his standoffishness.

✗ He needs to be aware of when he should offer assistance to others at work.

✗ He displays an uncooperative attitude.

✗ He is unwilling to share his work or team responsibilities with others.

✗ He is unwilling to foster good relationships with other teams and is not open-minded.

✗ His communication is poor meaning his team meetings are rarely effective.

✗ Since being promoted to supervisor, he has been “too busy” to assist his employees when they need an extra set of hands to help. This unwillingness to offer assistance promotes a selfish work environment.

✗ She is cautious and prefers to avoid confrontation. She is unlikely to openly risk conflict this by helping someone.

PART 2

Commitment and Professionalism
Meets or Exceeds Expectations
✓ He works until the job is complete. He is very result orientated.

✓ He is self-motivated and strives to complete all his tasks on time.

✓ He is a big-picture thinker. He continually seeks to expand the horizons of the company.

✓ He has a thirst for skills and knowledge. He always challenges himself to perform tasks to the best possible standard.

✓ He strives to find new challenges that will expand his experience.

✓ He aligns his goals with those of the company.

✓ He does not need much direction from above. He has a strong work ethic.

✓ He always anticipates problems and thinks of creative solutions in advance.

✓ He is willing and often does stay late until his goals are met.

✓ He is a perfectionist. He does not stop until he has produced excellent results.

✓ He shows significant interest in the project and he constantly generates new ideas.

✓ He dresses in a professional manner.

✓ He is always honest and reliable when working with others.

✓ He frequently motivates others in the team.

✓ He has a high level of professional knowledge of his job.

✓ He complies with the company regulations strictly.

✓ He presents himself well.

✓ He exceeds the expectations of the company.

✓ He remains calm and composed under high levels of pressure.

✓ He has a welcoming and friendly character.

✓ He stringently observes the company regulations.

✓ He maintains a polite demeanor and appearance.

✓ He fully satisfies the company’s expectations.

✓ He has the ability to remain calm under pressure.

✓ His conduct is warm and friendly.

Below Expectations
✗ He is often late for work and is unable to provide an acceptable excuse.

✗ He fails to perform his required duties.

✗ He takes excessive breaks and is reluctant to perform his duties.

✗ He often attempts to leave the workplace early.

✗ He talks excessively and this distracts himself and his colleagues. His lack of focus means that tasks take longer than they should.

✗ He is unwilling to work any overtime at all beyond his contracted 40-hour working week.

✗ He seizes any opportunity to avoid work and procrastinate. His breaks are twice as long as they should be.

✗ He fails to show any real interest in his job.

✗ He fails to ensure his work complies with the relevant quality standards.

✗ He violates the company’s internal code of ethics.

✗ He rarely complies with the applicable hygiene standards.

✗ His attitude is too informal.

✗ He fails to make any attempt to improve his performance,

✗ He is frequently late for work and dresses improperly.

✗ He is reluctant to take responsibility for self-development.

✗ He is unable to separate his work and personal life.

✗ He is dishonest when reporting statistics to deceive and confuse others.

✗ He is unable to develop performance improvement strategies.

✗ He is rarely on time and his appearance is untidy.

✗ He is reluctant to take responsibility for self-development.

PART 3

Attendance and Punctuality
Meets or Exceeds Expectations
✓ He maintains a positive outlook and this is appreciated when making decisions in difficult situations.

✓ His most special quality is his positive attitude.

✓ His positive attitude and willingness to share his positive thoughts on any situation is highly appreciated.

✓ He actively encourages his coworkers. He creates an environment that empowers mutual trust.

✓ His attitude is always appropriate. He has a positive demeanor.

✓ He thrives under pressure and brings the team together.

✓ He has a likeable and humorous character that creates a positive atmosphere.

✓ He always accentuates the positives in any situation.

✓ He has a positive attitude that clearly demonstrates her enjoyment of what she does.

✓ He arrives promptly every day.

✓ His effective leadership allows his team’s time management and attendance to be among the best in the company.

✓ His team meets many challenges in scheduling yet he ensures adequate staffing levels at all times.

✓ His performance is always reliable and he follows his work schedule well.

✓ His schedule shows no issues and his good attendance is within the standard policy.

✓ He ensures that his staff comply with their scheduled breaks and lunchtimes.

✓ His attendance and punctuality is within company guidelines.

✓ He begins each day fully refreshed and prepared for any challenges.

✓ He has paid good attention to timekeeping this year and is consistently punctual.

✓ He ensures that meetings open and end on time.

✓ He plans his time off well in advance.

✓ He is punctual and consistently arrives at meetings on time.

✓ He arrives at meetings on time and well prepared.

✓ He attained perfect attendance over the time period.

✓ He adheres to company policy when scheduling time off.

✓ He completes work according to promised deadlines.

✓ He manages his schedule well. He fully completes all tasks assigned to him for the week.

✓ He strictly ensures his staff maintain proper timekeeping. He manages his staff well to ensure they perform their duties on schedule.

✓ His schedule shows no cause for concern. He is rarely absent and follows company policy.

✓ He is reliable and has good attendance.

✓ He has good attendance and is reliable.

✓ He arrives at work punctually and ready to begin and returns from breaks on time.

✓ He sets a standard by his perfect attendance.

✓ He is the ideal employee who arrives to work and leaves on time. He also takes his breaks as per his schedule.

✓ He arrives at work every day fully prepared to tackle his responsibilities.

✓ He is reliable and there are no concerns with his attendance.

✓ He always ensures that his employees adhere to their lunch schedules and breaks.

✓ His attendance and punctuality is within company guidelines.

✓ He consistently meets all/most deadlines.

✓ He is punctual for work and meetings.

✓ He always arrives to work prepared.

Below Expectations
✗ He is generally a good member of staff but his attitude sometimes lets him down.

✗ He has an inconsistent attitude that often negatively affects the team.

✗ He has a good working relationship with his team but there are some issues with other managers that need to be resolved.

✗ He is very composed but he displays a poor attitude that must be improved.

✗ He frequently takes breaks after meetings in which difficult decisions were announced.

✗ He appears uninterested and detached from his work lately as if he is no longer engaged in it.

✗ It is clear that he is not satisfied with his work. He should consider the impact his attitude is having on others.

✗ He frequently presents a superior attitude toward coworkers. His demeanor is rude and unfriendly.

✗ He displays a negative outlook at times which may be damaging to the team.

✗ He follows the appropriate schedule but he is often late returning from off-site activities which negatively impacts his coworkers.

✗ He is very punctual herself but he fails to ensure that his staff are also. He needs to manage this better.

✗ His punctuality is very poor and unacceptable. He is very rarely on time.

✗ If his attendance fails to improve within 90 days, his employment will be terminated under the company’s attendance policy.

✗ He is a capable and skilled worker; however he is let down by his abysmal punctuality which must be improved.

✗ He routinely falls behind in her daily meeting schedule which then impacts the schedules of others. She should address this immediately to remove the negative impacts on others.

✗ He is often tardy for work and despite repeated warnings, does not respect the attendance policy.

✗ He has had excellent attendance for most of the year but he has frequently been absent or late for work recently. His timekeeping needs to be return to its previous reliability.

✗ Despite good attendance overall, he frequently leaves early, or takes a half day of unscheduled time off on Friday during the summer. This provides a bad impression for his coworkers and employees.

✗ He does not meet the attendance standards for punctuality.

✗ He has exceeded the maximum number of vacation days allotted.

✗ He is frequently late.

✗ He does not return communications in a timely manner.

✗ He is often late for work and, despite frequent warnings, does not follow the attendance policy.

✗ He is frequently late to work in winter because he fails to account for weather and traffic in his daily commute.

✗ Although he is mostly reliable in following his schedule, there is the occasional issue. He should try to address this.

✗ He shows a lack of respect for coworkers who have finished their shifts through his tardiness.

✗ Management has noticed that he takes longer breaks than he is allotted.

✗ He does not meet current standards for punctuality and/or attendance.

✗ He needs to work on time management.

✗ He fails to respect the time of others.

✗ He utilizes time effectively.

✗ He needs to utilize the time he is given more effectively.

✗ He Is a reliable performer and maintains a good schedule.

✗ He is unreliable and often late for work.

✗ He is often late for the beginning of his work shift and consistently tardy returning from lunch.

✗ He is continually late for work. He must improve his attendance record in order to comply with company policy.

✗ He is continually late for work and should improve this area by focusing on arriving on time each day.

✗ He often takes extended lunches and does not make up the added time in his work schedule.

✗ He took several more personal days than permitted. He was frequently absent when needed.

✗ He frequently provides excuses for his late arrival times. He is unable to account for delays such as heavy traffic in his travel time.

✗ He does not arrive on time in the morning and then leaves at his normally scheduled exit time. He needs to improve his time keeping.

PART 4

Productivity and Quality of Work
Meets or Exceeds Expectations
✓ He is a detail minded person and his work is always completed with high quality.

✓ He always maintains a high level of accuracy in his work.

✓ He never neglects even the smallest detail of tasks assigned to him.

✓ He makes defect free products.

✓ He is very focused. He is conscious of every detail in his work.

✓ He is highly reliable. His performance displays exceptional quality and accuracy.

✓ He accomplished all tasks he is assigned in a timely manner.

✓ He maintains a good standard of work aligned with a high level of productivity.

✓ He frequently encourages and helps colleagues to achieve high levels of productivity.

✓ He is fully aware of and acknowledges the importance of quality in his work.

✓ He displays a highly consistent level of performance in his work.

✓ He is always ready and prepared to accept new responsibilities and projects.

✓ He constantly pursues new learning and training opportunities.

✓ He consistently takes on additional responsibilities within the team.

✓ He is skillful in developing more efficient methods to perform specific tasks.

✓ He consistently looks for new ways to help the team.

✓ He is always willing to take a risk with learning opportunities.

✓ He takes on new responsibilities with minimal guidance or direction.

✓ He is not afraid to take calculated risks to make things work better.

✓ He has a strong grasp and understanding of his job responsibilities.

✓ He has strong communication with management on required updates in his job function.

✓ His knowledge of his job surpasses the required level.

✓ He collaborates well with other departments.

✓ He has an extensive peer network to access the required skills when necessary.

✓ He shares his job knowledge well with his peers.

✓ He shares his knowledge of industry trends and best practices to achieve enhanced outcomes in his job.

✓ He is highly adept in all areas of his job function.

✓ He is very detail minded. His work is always done with exceptional quality.

✓ He ensures his work is accurate before giving it to the customer.

✓ He pays attention to detail in every task he is given.

✓ He produces error free output.

✓ He has a great eye for the details.

✓ His work can be relied on to be accurate and as expected / requested.

✓ He is a careful person. He always thinks twice before acting so his performance is always accomplished well.

✓ He is always exact when he performs his duties.

✓ He never skips any detail of his assignments.

✓ He consistently makes error-free products.

✓ He is reliable and his performance is of exceptional quality and accuracy.

✓ He is detailed and focused. His work is always completed with high quality.

✓ He always maintains accuracy in his work.

✓ He never neglects any detail of any task given to him.

✓ He never makes mistake in the products he produces.

✓ He pays strong attention to his work. He never ignores any detail of his work.

✓ His good performance level is highly appreciated. His work is high quality and accurate.

✓ He meets or exceeds all requirements with high productivity.

✓ He developed a [program/initiative] that delivered [x] results.

✓ He improved output/production by [x]%.

✓ He exceeded start of year goals by [number].

✓ He thoroughly plans and prepares for the unexpected.

✓ He provides consistent results that clients or customers can always count on.

✓ He deals with difficult demands from clients and customers in a way that leaves everyone satisfied.

✓ He will never quit until a project is finished.

Below Expectations
✗ He rarely achieves his monthly performance targets.

✗ He makes frequent process errors.

✗ He produces a higher defect rate than his peers.

✗ His work does not comply with the required output standards.

✗ He demonstrates a low level of knowledge of the required work procedures.

✗ He is reluctant to take on new responsibilities.

✗ He cannot be relied upon to produce a product that is up to expectations.

✗ The products produced by him have an unacceptably high defect level.

✗ He is unable to concentrate on his work.

✗ He is unaware of his job requirements.

✗ The quality of his work is unreliable.

✗ He fails to spend sufficient time to check his work before submission.

✗ His work frequently fails to pass inspection.

✗ He is unwilling to assume responsibilities outside of his job description.

✗ He is a bad influence on morale within the team.

✗ He is unwilling to train and learn new skills.

✗ He doesn’t contribute ideas to projects or his suggestions are ambiguous.

✗ He seems unwilling to learn new skills.

✗ He is unable to perform his job without assistance.

✗ His lack of concentration results in a high level of errors.

✗ He has little understanding of the competitive business landscape.

✗ He has difficulty in locating the necessary information to complete his job responsibilities.

✗ He produces too many unnecessary errors.

✗ His work quality is substandard.

✗ He fails to demonstrate a strategic mindset.

✗ He does not demonstrate sufficient competency in the basic concepts of his role.

✗ His work cannot be relied on.

✗ His work doesn’t pass inspection by other team members.

✗ He doesn’t pay attention to the details of the tasks he is assigned.

✗ He overlooks key requirements given to him for his tasks.

✗ He produces unreliable work output.

✗ He doesn’t spend enough time reviewing his work before handing it in as complete.

✗ He never performs as well as we expect.

✗ He usually makes mistakes when performing his duties.

✗ He rarely pays attention to the details of his duties.

✗ His work is consistently being passed back for rework.

✗ He doesn’t understand the key requirements of his job.

✗ The quality of his products is unreliable.

✗ He doesn’t spend enough time checking his work before handing it over.

✗ He cannot be relied upon. He is unable to produce the quality of products that is expected.

✗ Products made by him contain many errors and rarely pass any inspection phase.

✗ He doesn’t focus on details of his tasks. His products contain many errors.

✗ He often makes mistakes in his work.

✗ He is unable to focus on the important tasks and ensure they are completed first.

✗ We can not rely on him to produce a quality product.

✗ He doesn’t take enough time to carefully check his core performance products before submission.

✗ He does not understand how to deal with difficult demands from a client or customer.

✗ He is falling behind coworkers when it comes to producing results.

PART 5

Adaptability
Meets or Exceeds Expectations
✓ He maintains a calm and composed demeanor under stressful situations.

✓ He always knows how to best apply new and more effective approaches to conduct business.

✓ He enables others to remain calm and focused on the main goals.

✓ He quickly adapts to changes in the performance of his duties.

✓ He readily appreciates others’ comments or criticism.

✓ He shows initiative at work by adopting new and appropriate methods to perform his duties.

✓ He acknowledges and recognizes any proposal for change.

✓ He is ready to face up to any change in circumstances.

✓ He promptly tackles changes while completing his assignments.

✓ He welcomes criticism that will help to improve the business.

✓ He demonstrates an enthusiastic approach to whatever method he is using to fulfill a task.

✓ He is open to any proposed change.

✓ He gets involved and quickly adapts to different changes in different situations.

✓ He is willing to look for more effective methods to conduct business.

✓ He stays calm whenever there are stressful circumstances.

✓ He enables everyone around him to remain calm and concentrate on the final goal.

✓ He promptly tackles changes during doing his assignments.

✓ He welcomes criticism to help improve his business.

✓ He enthusiastically comments about the method he is using to fulfill a task.

✓ He accepts change readily.

✓ He actively involves himself in the business. He responds well to change and different situations.

Below Expectations
✗ He is slow to confront any changes.

✗ He follows established procedures so strictly that he is resistant to change.

✗ He is unwilling to accept even minor changes.

✗ He is frequently completes any plan or project late.

✗ He neglects tasks perceived as low priority.

✗ He rarely attends any independent, research based activities.

✗ He rarely cooperates with other departments or assists them to complete their tasks.

✗ He is easily demotivated if things fail to perform as well as expected.

✗ He frequently avoids or delays attending training, or deployment of new programs.

✗ He is reluctant to take responsibility for “menial” tasks.

✗ He does not demonstrate an ability to work or conduct research independently.

✗ He is unwilling to assume responsibility for colleagues’ tasks when necessary.

✗ He is easily confused about “out of plan” changes.

✗ He is unwilling to accept last-minute changes.

✗ He fails to fulfill the responsibilities stated in his job description seriously.

✗ He is unwilling to accept even minor changes.

PART 6

Communication and Interpersonal Skills
Meets or Exceeds Expectations
✓ His communication skills, both verbal and written, are highly effective.

✓ He is a friendly communicator and has built a rapport with every division in the company.

✓ He can effectively communicate the requirements of the job and the expected outcome to his employees. He regularly talks to his employees to ensure work is on track.

✓ He is an effective communicator who works very well with his team members.

✓ He builds good relationships through open and friendly communication.

✓ He can freely converse with anybody around him.

✓ He can engage well with anyone.

✓ He has a nice and gentle demeanor. He relates to others very well.

✓ He is able to connect with people in a uncomfortable environment and encourage them to do a great job.

✓ He is highly spoken of by others due his ability to build good relationships.

✓ His positive attitude and willingness to listen are highly appreciated by her coworkers.

✓ He has a natural ability to put others at ease and this is an important asset.

✓ He is always improving himself and works well with others.

✓ He is able to quickly understand peoples personalities and relate to them well.

✓ He is able to connect to people in unusual ways. This has proven to be a great asset in his managerial role.

✓ He regularly gives constructive feedback.

✓ He is willing to consider other people’s ideas.

✓ He asks pertinent and insightful questions.

✓ He is able to explain complex and difficult issues in terms that are easy to understand.

✓ He is not afraid to say “I don’t know” when faced with a difficult question.

✓ He is able to summarize and communicate key business decisions effectively.

✓ His communication skills stand out from those of his peers.

✓ He effectively persuades and convinces his peers, especially in times of high stakes.

✓ He is an effective listener. He is always willing to hear and understand others’ fears or concerns.

✓ He makes new employees feel welcome.

✓ He is a calming influence when the team is under pressure.

✓ He strives to create a positive atmosphere in the work place.

✓ She communicates effectively, both verbally and in writing.

✓ His long experience working with people is clearly evident in his communication skills.

✓ He has the valuable skill of being able to communicate difficult concepts in easy to understand language.

✓ He is good at communicating difficult messages with employees, management, and customers.

✓ As an employee, his communication was good; as a manager, he has proved an even more effective communicator. His communication skills have improved tremendously this year.

✓ He is an adept communicator and is one of the best business writers I have had the pleasure of working with. He communicates very well through his reports and white papers.

✓ His written communication is very good, however his verbal communication skills could be improved. He should work on being an active listener.

✓ He reports necessary information to his coworkers.

✓ He is excellent at keeping a written record of his assignments and projects.

✓ His key strength is his candor and effective communication with his employees.

✓ His core strength is his ability to immediately connect with anyone.

✓ He is a very competent communicator.

✓ He has a knack for making people feel important when he speaks with them. This translates into great opportunities for teamwork and connections to form.

✓ He makes people feel at home. His natural ability to work with people is a great asset to our team.

✓ He conducts himself and the relationships with his coworkers very well.

✓ He can quickly build a positive relationship with people and understand how to relate to them.

✓ He is able to create a sustain a positive and professional relationship with her coworkers, direct reports, and management team.

✓ He is a positive influence on those around him and inspires them to work harder.

✓ He has a good understanding of how to relate to people and make them comfortable.

✓ He can seemingly strike up a conversation with anybody. He has a gift in relating to people around him.

✓ He can find a point of connection with just about anyone.

✓ He is a nice and affable person who works well with others.

✓ He has a natural rapport with people and communicates very well with others.

✓ He finds it easy to connect with others and relates well with them.

✓ He maintains good relationships with every department in the company through his skill in communicating with others.

✓ He has good relationships with his colleagues due to his good communication skills.

✓ He is friendly and open-minded so he creates good relationship with other team members.

✓ He brings comfort to people working with him. He makes people feel great when being in a team with him.

✓ He has the ability to resolve any issue by himself and he creates good relationships with his colleagues.

✓ He can easily create a positive relationship with others and knows how to communicate with them.

✓ He has a special ability in connecting people and he applies this ability well as a manager.

✓ He sought and considered ideas from others on issues that affected them.

✓ His spoken communication was well-organized, courteous, and effective.

✓ He provided or exchanged information while keeping others informed through effective communication.

✓ He was sensitive to the feelings and efforts of others.

✓ He listens effectively to others’ ideas, problems or suggestions.

✓ He demonstrates effective public greeting skills.

✓ He demonstrates effective telephone skills.

✓ He seeks feedback on the effectiveness of his written and oral communication

✓ He adapts his communication methods to respond to different audiences.

✓ He provides accurate and timely information, both written and orally.

✓ He actively listens to others.

✓ He involves others in problem solving.

✓ He provides clear instructions and expectations.

✓ He works in an open manner and shares information with others to get the job done.

✓ He expresses ideas clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing.

✓ He listens carefully, and sincerely considers the ideas of others.

✓ He maintains confidentiality, and exercises good judgment about what to say and when.

✓ He responds in a prompt and friendly manner to requests and inquiries.

✓ He keeps others informed.

✓ He routinely meets with supervisors and key customers to exchange information and clarify expectations.

✓ He asks appropriate questions to clarify information or needs.

✓ He provides accurate and timely information both orally and written.

✓ He keeps managers and coworkers informed of his work progress.

✓ He is excellent at keeping written information about her assignments and projects.

✓ One of his core strengths is his ability to immediately connect with someone.

✓ He clearly communicates with his employees and they understand his expectations.

✓ He is a very interesting colleague to work with.

✓ He always knows how to establish a good rapport with other team members.

✓ He gets on well with other people easily. He has very good communication skills.

✓ He can quickly build a positive relationship with people. He understands how to relate to people.

✓ He has a good understanding of how to relate to people and make them comfortable.

✓ His natural ability to work with people is a great asset to our team.

✓ He can maintain good communication with everybody and he also encourages people to work harder and more effectively.

✓ He has good interpersonal skills and knows how to maintain good relationship with others and keep them satisfied.

✓ He is very good at communicating and everybody appreciates his good behavior with others.

✓ He has a natural rapport with people and communicates very well with others.

✓ He makes people feel at home with him. His natural ability to work with people is a great asset to our team.

✓ His uncanny ability to connect with people is a great personality attribute in his role as a manager.

✓ His feedback is always constructive.

✓ He effectively communicates expectations and goals.

✓ He effectively communicates personal concerns.

✓ He effectively highlights problems within the company and/or solutions to fix them.

✓ He manages meetings efficiently.

✓ He is able to listen as effectively as well as talk.

✓ He asks insightful and probing questions.

✓ He is able to empathize with others and is respectful of opposing viewpoints.

✓ He demonstrates appreciation for others and thanks them for their assistance.

✓ He is courteous and acknowledges the contributions of others. He is respectful of the feelings of others.

✓ He respects other peoples’ time and priorities.

✓ He treats others fairly and without prejudice or bias.

✓ He is seen by his peers as someone whom they can depend on.

✓ He does not initiate conflict and actually takes measures to ensure that conflict does not occur.

✓ He demonstrates tact and diplomacy when resolving conflicts. He addresses concerns directly with the individuals involved.

✓ He takes initiative to address concerns with other staff in a timely manner promoting understanding and cooperation.

✓ His approach to conflict resolution is exceptional, creating enhanced teamwork, without hard feelings

✓ He contributes to a positive work environment through his interactions with others.

✓ He demonstrates flexibility by adapting to changes in priorities and the work environment.

✓ He demonstrates positive personal regard when confronting problems with others.

✓ He demonstrates respect for responsible dissent

✓ He behaves in ways designed to keep problems impersonal whenever possible.

✓ He maintains positive work relationships.

✓ He treats others with courtesy and respect.

✓ He is cooperative and responsive.

✓ He builds trust and works with integrity.

✓ He treats others with respect, courtesy, tact, and friendliness and actively attempts to be helpful towards others.

✓ He accepts criticism, is open to new ideas, and handles conflict constructively and diplomatically.

✓ He is consistently able to obtain the cooperation of others.

✓ He works through conflict for positive solutions and results.

✓ He promotes cooperation and teamwork.

✓ He learns from conflict and makes appropriate changes.

✓ He takes the initiative to improve working relationships and foster feelings of mutual respect with coworkers and customers.

✓ He makes a special effort to boost employee morale and create a positive work environment.

✓ He always asks for immediate feedback and takes constructive criticism well. He applies any feedback to his current and future projects to ensure he is performing his work adequately.

✓ His project teams always applaud the way she communicates ideas, requirements and changes. The like how she always encourages open communication.

✓ He instills a sense of confidence in his coworkers and project team by encouraging an atmosphere of openness. His coworkers often comment on how they feel good about sharing new ideas and thoughts without fear of intimidation.

✓ He is a compassionate listener and makes each customer know he values their time.

Below Expectations
✗ He lacks communication skills.

✗ His message is easily misunderstood by others due to his lack of communication skills.

✗ He fails to communicate with his team members in an effective way.

✗ He directs quickly but has a bad attitude with his feedback.

✗ He does appreciate that happy team members can affect his own job performance and this makes those around him unpleasant.

✗ He has left a wake of bad relationships in his career path.

✗ He should keep on cultivating good relationships with others around him.

✗ He has not related to his coworkers well.

✗ He does not understand that having good working relationships with others in a team is very important.

✗ He does not understand how complicated relationships management is.

✗ He is a gentle coworker, but the people around him do not like him because of his strong personality.

✗ He complains of a lack of resources to adequately complete job functions.

✗ He fails to alert the proper personnel regarding bad news.

✗ He regularly engages in off-putting conversations and can be territorial at times.

✗ He humiliates staff members on a regular basis.

✗ He has other coworkers deliver bad news instead of doing it himself.

✗ He makes others feel intimidated when working on company projects.

✗ His position requires him to have sufficient technical skills, however, he does not speak up during technical meetings to discuss potential solutions.

✗ He must improve his foreign language skills to stay competitive in this industry.

✗ He is not adept at documenting verbal communication. He should work on this skill over the next 90 days.

✗ One of his roles is to find consensus among his team members, but he has frequently failed to accomplish this task.

✗ He does not communicate effectively and clearly.

✗ He holds too many meetings. Holding fewer meetings would be more effective.

✗ He should communicate project status updates more frequently.

✗ He lacks credibility in his messages. His coworkers do not believe he is honest.

✗ He does not convey a positive image of the company to customers.

✗ He has proven to be an ineffective communicator.

✗ He does not effectively communicate. He must improve both his written and verbal communication.

✗ He does not work well with others.

✗ He has a very strong personality and this has caused a rift on our team.

✗ He creates an excellent impression among the management team, yet his fellow team members cannot stand working with him.

✗ He should continue to work on cultivating good relationships with those around him.

✗ He works well with members of his own team, yet he has an “us” against “them” mentality when it comes to others within the company.

✗ Many of his coworkers see him as unapproachable.

✗ He gives off an impression of superiority to those around him.

✗ He is brisk with his directions and crude with his feedback.

✗ He seems to shrink when he’s around others and does not cultivate good relations with his coworkers.

✗ He lacks confidence and communicates inefficiently when he meets people.

✗ His communication skills are not good so others often misunderstand his message.

✗ He is unable to efficiently communicate with his colleagues.

✗ He creates distance between him and his colleagues because of his poor manners.

✗ He is not liked by those colleagues working with him despite the good impression the management team has of him.

✗ He feels shy when he communicates with others and he cannot build good relationships with his colleagues.

✗ His communication continues to be substandard. He consistently fails to properly notify team members about impending changes or other required information.

✗ He needs to improve his communication skills with his co-workers. He must learn to improve his communications with other employees and management.

✗ He needs to share department and corporate goals in a more timely and complete manner. His employees do not understand what the company is doing.

✗ During his time, he has gained nothing but left only scars of bad relationships with others.

✗ He tends to stand alone in the corner among a crowd. It’s hard to communicate with him.

✗ Many of his coworkers see him as unapproachable.

✗ He does not work well with others. He has a very strong personality and this has caused a rift on our team.

✗ He should continue to work on cultivating good relationships with those around him

✗ He is not good at communicating with others so he often makes them feel uncomfortable. It is better for him to improve his interaction skills to build good relationships with them.

✗ He does not understand how crucial good working relationships with fellow team members are.

✗ He blames others for problems too often.

✗ He needs to speak up more when faced with concerns.

✗ He often says “I don’t know” when confronted with a tricky question or problem.

✗ He does not return communications in a timely manner.

✗ He needs to work on listening to others.

✗ He constantly talks over others in meetings.

✗ He never talks in meetings.

✗ He works well with members of his own team, yet he has an “us” against “them” mentality when it comes to others within the company.

PART 7

Creativity and Innovation
Meets or Exceeds Expectations
✓ He shows that he can develop creative solutions to solve problems.

✓ He is adept at facing difficult situations.

✓ He usually has insightful viewpoints, so whenever we need a fresh look at a problem, we know we can turn to him.

✓ He is expert at taking creative ideas and molding them into solutions.

✓ He can tackle common problems by creating new and innovative solutions.

✓ He encourages his teammates to create ideas which have form and provide more creative solutions.

✓ His creativity is very high. Specifically, he solved a problem with an extra creative solution.

✓ He thinks outside the box to find the best solutions to a particular problem.

✓ He is creative and finds ways to correlate ideas with actions.

✓ He skillfully adapts when presented with new information and ideas.

✓ He s always willing to directly challenge the status quo in pursuit of a more effective solution.

✓ He regularly contributes fresh ideas.

✓ He encourages coworkers to be inventive.

✓ He contributes innovative ideas in group projects.

✓ He regularly contributes suggestions on how to improve company processes.

✓ He constantly searches for new ideas and ways to improve efficiency.

✓ He creates an invigorating atmosphere for his team: one in which new ideas are rewarded and encouraged.

✓ He doesn’t accept “we’ve always done it this way” as a solution. He constantly reviews solutions to see if they are the most effective way of doing things.

✓ He encourages his teammates to think outside of the box and to be more creative with solutions.

✓ In meetings, he is very good at extracting unique ideas out of people, even those not normally considered as very creative people.

✓ He is a very creative innovator. He solved an on-going problem by looking for a solution from all angles.

✓ When we’re in crisis mode, he can be relied upon to craft a viable and inventive solution.

✓ She has a creative personality which allows her to suggest original ideas. She should continue to adopt this position in the company.

✓ He is an innovator at heart. His skill in inspiring new ideas is an asset to our team.

✓ He has an imaginative personality and is very resourceful in times of need.

✓ He has a creative touch in a sometimes monotonous role within our team. He adds an admirable inspiration to the day-to-day tasks he performs.

✓ He adds an artistic flair to everything he produces which makes his projects much more enjoyable than most.

✓ He creates breakthrough and helpful ideas in meetings – one of people you do not think to be creative employees.

✓ When we face difficulty, we are sure that we can rely on her for a helpful and creative solution.

✓ She has a creative ability which helps her develop unique ideas. She should utilize this to promote her position in the company.

✓ She uses her knowledge of technology and innovates to avoid mistakes.

✓ He constantly searches for new ideas and ways to improve efficiency.

✓ He creates an exciting atmosphere for his team: one in which new ideas are rewarded and encouraged.

✓ He encourages his teammates to think outside of the box and to be more creative with solutions.

✓ He is very good at extracting unique ideas out of people during meetings – some you might not consider as very creative people.

✓ He is an innovator at heart – his skill at inspiring new ideas is an asset to our team.

✓ Her has an imaginative personality and is very resourceful in times of need.

✓ In meetings, he often has new and interesting ideas about the issues discussed. It shows his creativity.

✓ He is a creative person. When problems occur, he is often the first person who thinks and finds the most effective solutions to deal with them perfectly.

✓ He is the person we rely on to deal with serious problems, He keeps a clear r mind clear and think intelligently. He can give the most innovative and effective solutions.

Below Expectations
✗ He does care about the creative side of her team and always ignores the innovate employees reporting to him.

✗ He does not encourage his team to find creative solutions.

✗ He appears to be a rigid manager, but if he thought in a more flexible way, it would do him well.

✗ He is unwilling to work on issues outside of her skill set. He should develop his troubleshooting ability and develop his career.

✗ He does not usually innovate and when he does, it is reluctantly.

✗ He cannot create new ideas.

✗ He is unwilling to consider new or interesting ideas, even when the run-of-the-mill ideas have been exhausted.

✗ He is not flexible enough to create new ideas when needed.

✗ He is not conducive to new ideas and innovations from his team.

✗ He demonstrates a lack of interest in contributing creative or innovative ideas.

✗ He is rigid and unwilling to adapt when presented with new information.

✗ He fails to properly attribute coworkers who contribute innovative solutions.

✗ He seems unwilling to take risks, even when there is a compelling reason and clear upside.

✗ He fails to incentivize peers to take creative and innovative risks.

✗ He is reluctant to find more effective ways to perform job activities.

✗ He discourages creative solutions from his team.

✗ He has a difficult time thinking “outside of the box” and creating new and untested solutions.

✗ He is creative but he has a tendency to act before thinking. This causes problems when an untested or unexamined idea is moved forward too quickly.

✗ He consistently takes a rigid and practical, stance about things without thinking how she could creatively solve a problem.

✗ He has shown a tendency to be a matter-of-fact manager, but in his position, thinking in a more resourceful manner would do him well.

✗ Whenever he runs into an obstacle, he has a tendency to stop and ask for help. We encourage him to develop solutions – or even recommendations – before asking for help.

✗ He does not research solutions deeply enough and often just compiles ideas found on websites. This does not help for many of the problems we run into.

✗ He rarely innovates and when he does, it seems forced.

✗ He fails to generate new ideas.

✗ He needs to work on being more resourceful on tasks and projects.

✗ He isn’t willing to take risks on creative ideas.

✗ He usually voices breakthrough and helpful ideas in meetings – even though he is not one of people you think of as a creative employee.

✗ He is a team member with advanced creative thinking. For example, he looked for a solution from different sides to resolve a current issue.

✗ When we face difficulties, we are sure that we can rely on him for a helpful and creative solution

✗ He has the creative ability to develop unique ideas. He should utilize this to promote his position in the company.

✗ He uses his knowledge of technology and his innovation to avoid mistakes.

✗ He has a creative touch in a sometimes monotonous role within our team. He adds inspiration to the day to day tasks he performs admirably.

✗ When a major problem arises, we frequently turn to him for his creativity in solving problems. The way he can look at an issue from different sides is a great resource to our team.

✗ Whenever we need a fresh look at a problem, we know we can turn to him for a novel perspective.

✗ He doesn’t rely on typical methods to solve a problem, but addresses each situation with a innovative viewpoint.

✗ He creates an exciting atmosphere for his team: one in which new ideas are rewarded and encouraged.

✗ He finds it difficult to develop breakthrough ideas and submit untested solutions.

✗ He is inventive but he usually acts without thinking. This will cause problems if an unchecked or untested idea is implemented as soon as it is thought of.

✗ He has a lot of creative ideas but he finds it difficult to bring them to fruition. He should learn how to marry creativity with practice.

✗ He does not want to refer to different solutions or ideas except the ones that he is using. This reduces the creativity of other member of the team.

✗ He discourages creative solutions from his team.

✗ He has shown a tendency to be a matter-of-fact manager, but in his position, thinking in a more resourceful manner would do him well.

✗ He does not research solutions deeply enough and often just compiles ideas found on websites. This does not help for many of the problems we run into.

✗ He rarely innovates and when he does, it seems to be reluctant.

✗ He needs to work on being more resourceful on tasks and projects.

✗ He can be a creative person with many interesting ideas but he cannot successfully to tap into it. He should promote and develop his potential is getting the balance of being pragmatic and creative right.

✗ He often applies his personal ideas to problem solving without any thought to other people’s alternatives or opinions. This stifles the team’s creativity.

✗ He shows a lack of communication and interaction with her team members. This prevents her from finding new ideas.

✗ His team feels discouraged as he often “shoots down” creative ideas without any explanation. He should be more willing to listen to ideas before he rejects them outright.

✗ He does not tap into the creative side of his team. He consistently overlooks the innovate employees reporting to him.

✗ He is a creative employee but he has a tendency to act before thinking. This causes problems when an untested or unexamined idea is moved forward too quickly.

✗ He actively seeks new ideas and approaches.

✗ He is excited and innovative when faced with unexpected obstacles.

✗ He constantly searches for different and better ways to accomplish goals.

✗ He has launched creative initiatives such as [specific example].

✗ He is creative in finding ways to correlate ideas with action.

✗ He has become a constant well of fresh ideas.

✗ He needs to find more ways to take creative risks.

✗ He is unable to find more than one way to achieve a difficult task.

✗ He has proven himself to be an innovator at heart.

✗ He has a talent for thinking outside of the box, and encouraging others to do the same.

✗ He consistently provides a new angle or way of thinking about things.

✗ He can too often fall into the role of “naysayer.”

✗ He needs to be more resourceful in accomplishing goals and tasks.

PART 8

Accountability
Meets or Exceeds Expectations
✓ His willingness to assist team mates in completing their tasks demonstrates his sense of responsibility.

✓ His is fully accountable for his actions and never shirks responsibility.

✓ His character trait of recognizing and complying with his responsibilities is remarkable.

✓ He has an accountable attitude.

✓ The quality of his work is highly consistent.

✓ His work is always submitted in a timely fashion.

✓ He respects his work timescales fully.

✓ He is highly punctual on arrival to work and also meetings.

✓ He meets deadlines without needing to be reminded.

✓ He fully complies with departmental leave and absence procedures.

✓ His status reports are accurate, correct and on time.

✓ He demonstrates commitment to the company in both words and actions.

✓ He submits all assigned work accurately and on time.

✓ He submits paperwork related to his job accurately and on time.

✓ He ensures his responsibilities are appropriately covered while on leave.

✓ He maintains an open attitude to change in order to successfully complete the job.

✓ He accepts change readily.

✓ He responds to change ensuring it is implemented in a positive way to enhance the success of the business.

✓ He treats confidential material with the appropriate care.

✓ He never publicly makes negative comments.

✓ He completes projects ahead of schedule without compromising quality.

✓ He presents a positive public image of the agency to others.

✓ He copes with new situations, unusual demands, emergencies or other critical incidents very well.

✓ He maintains a business-like demeanor

✓ He avoids participating in gossip and rumors.

✓ He actively seeks new or additional on-the-job training opportunities to obtain mastery over tasks, expand personal knowledge and add value to the work group.

✓ He demonstrates initiative consistent with job expectations to improve his performance.

✓ He performed his standard duties throughout the year and in addition took on several large projects and some smaller ones that had a significant positive impact on the department.

✓ He completes work within established time lines.

✓ He completes work well in advance of deadlines, allowing sufficient time for it to be reviewed.

✓ He demonstrates the professional job-specific skills necessary to provide the appropriate quality of work.

✓ He takes the initiative to learn skills that enhance his ability to contribute to the organization.

✓ He positively influences the behavior of other employees.

✓ He displays through a supportive and optimistic approach to daily activities within the work environment.

✓ He readily assists coworkers in response to fluctuations in workloads.

✓ He offers assistance to others without needing to be asked.

✓ He readily volunteers assistance even when it would not normally be expected.

✓ He is empathetic to the needs of others.

✓ He strives to create a positive atmosphere in the work place.

✓ He shows awareness of the environment external to the organization and its needs.

✓ He routinely uses his time efficiently.

✓ He is always open to receiving feedback on his work.

Below Expectations
✗ He often tries to offset responsibility onto others.

✗ He is very reluctant to acknowledge his failures.

✗ He doesn’t accept responsibility well.

✗ He frequently looks for excuses for failure instead of accepting responsibility.

✗ He blames processes and policies for his own shortcomings.

PART 9

Customer Focus and Customer Satisfaction
Meets or Exceeds Expectations
✓ He is able to work with clients’ objections, cope with them and convince the customers of the merits of his point of view.

✓ He can find the right approach with any client, even the most critical one.

✓ He is always polite and friendly with his customers. He never interrupts them during a conversation.

✓ He cannot afford to disappoint his client. If he has promised to do something, he will fulfill his promise.

✓ He always cares about the clients’ comfort and convenience.

✓ He always tries to take into account the customers’ interests while shaping a commercial offer.

✓ He always finds a way to inform the client about any unexpected changes if any of occur during the work process.

✓ He always tries to provide the customers with detailed information on any specific issue which they are interested in.

✓ He implements all contract arrangements and fulfills all obligations to his clients.

✓ His good attitude towards clients makes them use the company’s service again and recommend it to others.

✓ He always goes above and beyond his job requirements to satisfy his customers.

✓ He works well with customers. He can deal with furious customers with a calm and rational attitude.

✓ His peers, managers, and customers rate his handling of customer service situations as very good.

✓ He is one of our most proficient customer service trainers. His ability is demonstrated when working in customer care.

✓ He understands how to listen to customers and find out the details which make a big difference when dealing with our clients.

✓ His customers always rate him highly and give him high marks on on his customer satisfaction surveys.

✓ He understands how to make sure that customers are satisfied. He does everything necessary to retain customers.

✓ He works well with clients. His clients never complain about him

✓ He is good at keeping customers happy. He successfully up-sells to them at the same time

✓ He solves customer complaints with a calm attitude. He handles difficult situations with customers very well.

✓ He demonstrates how providing excellent customer service has a lasting effect on customer relationships and customer retention.

✓ He works effectively with clients.

✓ He creates a strong rapport with those he interacts with.

✓ He clearly enjoys the people related aspects of the business.

✓ He is pleasant and projects a friendly tone over the phone.

✓ He has become a linchpin with clients.

✓ He consistently spearheads effective customer relations.

✓ He Is empathetic when faced with customer issues.

✓ He Is helpful and diect in dealing with customer concerns.

✓ He displays an effective cadence when working with clients on projects. His manner is effective without being not overbearing.

✓ He artfully helps customers overcome objections.

✓ He deals with difficult customers with grace.

✓ He handles customer service situations well. He is rated well by his peers, managers, and customers.

✓ He understands how to listen to customers. He can extract the details which make a big difference when dealing with our clients.

✓ He deals with customer complaints with a calm demeanor. He is very good at handling difficult situations with customers.

✓ He works with customers very well. He is very good at dealing with irate customers in a calm and rational manner.

✓ He takes great pride in his work.

✓ He skillfully overcomes client objections.

✓ He has consistently high marks on his customer satisfaction surveys.

✓ He understands the latitude to ensure customer satisfaction. He does everything necessary to retain customers.

✓ He always keeps appointments and returns calls.

✓ He is approachable and responsive to customers and others.

✓ He shows appropriate patience with complaining customers and employees.

✓ He treats the customer with respect and courtesy.

✓ He provides consistent, quality service to all customers.

✓ He is available to the customer and provides accurate, consistent, and honest information

✓ He listens to the customer and provides feedback that will benefit the customer in the future

✓ He understands who the customer is.

✓ He strives to satisfy customers’ needs.

✓ He offers appropriate and innovative solutions to customer problems.

✓ He demonstrates a courteous and professional attitude in handling customer complaints.

✓ He responds promptly to requests for information or assistance.

✓ He meets customer expectations in a timely manner. He delivers what has been promised.

✓ He follows up with customers in a timely manner.

✓ He responds to telephone and e-mail messages within four hours.

✓ He anticipates the future needs or problems of customers. He takes action to meet future customer needs or solve problems in advance.

✓ He makes an extra effort to keep customers accurately informed.

✓ He understands the customer from their point of view. He has a thorough knowledge of the customer’s world and is able to anticipate customer’s requests.

Below Expectations
✗ He often criticizes rivals in order to convince customers to use the services of his company,

✗ He strives to satisfy his customers’ needs in any situation, even if the company may suffer financially.

✗ He focuses on satisfying wide audience need where an individual approach to each client is needed.

✗ He spends too much time communicating with clients over the phone.

✗ He tries to clients’ questions immediately but neglects direct professional duties in the process.

✗ He always goes beyond his responsibilities in trying to support his clients in every situation,

✗ He sometimes treats his clients in an over-familiar manner. He crosses the line of the company’s corporate ethics.

✗ His emotional state is negatively impacted by an inability to take his mind off his work due to being available to clients at any time.

✗ He spends a lot of time and effort on creating good relationships with her clients, but the working environment leaves much to be desired.

✗ If he has any doubts about his own company, he recommends a rival company in the interests of his client.

✗ He sticks to the phone script rigidly and inflexibly. He needs to handle customers more creatively and flexibly.

✗ He can deal with the everyday customer service situations, but with complex issues, he is not flexible and does not know what action to take.

✗ His average time per call is too high. He needs to reduce the average time per call. He needs to deal with customers efficiently.

✗ He can deal with customers on the phone very well, but he does not handle face to face customer contact very well.

✗ He cannot maintain relationships with his customers well.

✗ His customers always give him low marks in the customer satisfaction surveys.

✗ He does not understand how to to solve problems with customers and gives up easily.

✗ He does not always listen to his customers well.

✗ He has not understood completely why customer service training is important. He is late to class frequently and sometimes does not take part at all.

✗ He consistently receives substandard comments from customers.

✗ He appears uninterested in helping customers with their challenges.

✗ He does not manage customer expectations, especially in tough situations.

✗ He consistently passes challenging issues to others instead of tackling them himself.

✗ He misses opportunities to further educate customers about other products or services.

✗ He uses inappropriate language with customers.

✗ He appears to become frustrated by clients who ask questions.

✗ He displays sarcasm when dealing with client challenges.

✗ He does not understand how to deal with a difficult customer. He passes difficult customers to his supervisor frequently.

✗ In most areas of customer service Harry does a good job, but when it comes to difficult situations, Harry does not understand how to calm the customer down and follow the script.

✗ Bill has consistently shown he does not listen to his customers well.

✗ Teri can handle the run of the mill customer service situation, but the more complex issues seem to cause her to freeze and not react.

✗ John fails to follow up with customers as requested.

✗ Bob has consistently low marks on his customer satisfaction surveys.

PART 10

Decision-Making and Problem-Solving
Meets or Exceeds Expectations
✓ A person with good decision-making skills should be making sound fact based judgements.

✓ Able to work out multiple alternative solutions and determine the most suitable choice.

✓ Be objective in considering facts or situations.

✓ Doesn’t allow individual emotions or feelings influence decisions.

✓ Is decisive in difficult situations.

✓ Is supportive and encourages others to work with him.

✓ He is skilled at analyzing any situation and working out a solution.

✓ He always defines a problem clearly and seeks out alternative solutions.

✓ He always thinks twice before making his decision.

✓ He consistently updates colleagues on what is going on within the company.

✓ He is prepared to tackle complex situations and always develops suitable solutions to offer to the managers.

✓ He always understands problem thoroughly and tries to find different solutions.

✓ He only makes a decision after considering it carefully.

✓ He provides the latest information relating to his job to everyone.

✓ He does not mind facing complicated situations and always finds appropriate solutions to offer to management.

✓ He is able to work out multiple alternative solutions and determine the most suitable one.

✓ He is objective when considering a fact or situation.

✓ He is firm to not let the individual emotion and feeling affect on the made decision.

✓ He is decisive in difficult situations.

✓ He is able to make sound fact-based judgments.

✓ He is able to analyze any problem and find the best solution to any problem.

✓ He always analyzes an issue carefully and then looks for different ways to resolve that issue.

✓ He is ready to deal with complicated consequences. He has ability to find the most suitable solutions to submit to management.

✓ He thinks through potential resolutions to problems before making a rash judgment.

✓ He keeps management apprised of ongoing problems or issues that occur within the department.

✓ He is not afraid to respond to complex issues and provide recommendations to all levels of management.

✓ He is able to successfully analyze a problem and find an appropriate resolution.

✓ He clearly explains the problem and offers the users several different resolution options.

✓ His investigative skills has provided a key resource for a team focused on solving glitches. His ability to quickly assess a problem and identify potential solutions is key to his excellent performance.

✓ He examines a problem and quickly identifies potential solutions. He recommends the most suitable solution.

✓ He understands the testing process and how to discover a solution to a particular problem.

✓ He is one of the more technical employees we have on staff. He can quickly analyze a situation and discover practical solutions.

✓ He is adept at discovering potential solutions for problems.

Below Expectations
✗ He is too hesitant to make a decision. This often results in wrong decision.

✗ He applies overly complex and impractical approaches to solving problems.

✗ He fails to make short-lists of solutions recommended by direct units.

✗ He is often paralyzed and confused when facing tight deadlines to make decisions.

✗ He makes too many complaints about the content of the job.

✗ He tends to apply a narrow and rushed decision-making approach.

✗ He avoid conflicts at work in relation to the decision making process.

✗ He struggles to work out a solution to any difficult problem.

✗ He is uncomfortable when faced with any awkward problem.

✗ He easily loses focus when facing a complex situation.

✗ He fails to provide managers with the necessary information when a problem arises.

✗ He repeats his mistakes over and over again. He doesn’t know how to learn from failure.

✗ He is unable to find out a solution when facing a complicated situation.

✗ He cannot give managers the requisite information when an issue occurs.

✗ He makes mistakes again and again. John needs to learn the appropriate lessons from failure.

✗ He has difficulty coming up with resolution to difficult problems.

✗ He relies on others in heated situations.

✗ He loses his focus when problems arise.

✗ He is poor at communicating a problem’s status before it becomes a crisis.

✗ He can offer potential solutions to a problem but struggles to identify the best solution.

✗ She lacks the skill to analyze a problem to discuss the core issues.

✗ He resists further training in problem solving. He believes he is proficient, yet he is lacking in many areas.

✗ It is his responsibility, in his role, to solve problems. He seems slow and indecisive when presented with a major issue.

✗ He finds it hard to look for a solution to a difficult situation.

✗ He is impossible to submit needed information to the managers when he faces a complex situation.

PART 11

Dependability and Reliability
Meets or Exceeds Expectations
✓ He is willing to work overtime until the project is finished.

✓ He is the go-to person if the task absolutely must be completed by a given time.

✓ He shows that he is a positive person who is willing to do whatever it takes to help.

✓ He is an important member of our team and will finish the task when it is required.

✓ We can believe in him.

✓ He never fails to impress by performing well each day. We depend on him.

✓ He always finishes the jobs faithfully, He performs at or above all our expectations.

✓ He is loyal and trustworthy.

✓ He is one of our hardest workers. He demonstrates that he cares about his job, his coworkers, and the company.

✓ He consistently impresses us with her willingness to do whatever it takes to get the job done.

✓ He is a very reliable employee.

✓ He is dependable and turns in good performance each day. He never fails to impress.

✓ He shows faithful commitment to getting the job done. He consistently performs at or above expectations.

✓ When we have a task that must be done, we turn to him. He has our trust because he’s proven he can get the job done.

✓ He is known for his dependability and willingness to do what it takes.

✓ He is willing to get her hands dirty with his employees to ensure the job gets completed on time.

✓ There are many times we have tasks that absolutely must be completed by a given time. He can be relied upon to get the task accomplished on time.

✓ He has been a reliable and valued member of team. His commitment to punctuality and attendance has contributed greatly to our team’s overall success.

✓ He displays exceptional performance day after day.

✓ He keeps his word under all circumstances.

✓ He does everything possible to maintain a strong and steady performance in all circumstances.

✓ He is unfazed by any obstacles, pressures or demands that would justifiably derail others.

✓ He can be counted on to give 100 percent under all circumstances.

✓ He keeps to his commitments and works with fellow employees to help them keep to theirs.

✓ He automatically works extra hours if that’s what it takes to get the job done right.

✓ He can be counted upon for steady performance.

✓ He consistently demonstrates solid performance in all aspects of his work.

✓ He handles projects conscientiously from start to finish.

✓ He is an asset to our team. If it needs to to completed, he will finish it.

Below Expectations
✗ We cannot depend on him. If a task must be completed it is better assigned to someone else.

✗ He does not believe in his efforts. He does not demonstrate a willingness to complete the job.

✗ He is never willing work overtime even if the jobs requires it.

✗ He shows no willingness to do what it takes to get the job done, especially in this economy.

✗ His reliability is in doubt. His work results are often poor and must be checked frequently.

✗ He tends to leave work for others to do; while most of his coworkers are willing to work late to finish the project.

✗ His productivity is not as good as that of his coworkers.

✗ He is very loyal but he cannot be depended on. He is an irresponsible person.

✗ He is usually reliable in his work, but there have been a few incidents where this was not the case.

✗ He is very loyal guy, but cannot be depended on.

✗ We need people who are willing to do whatever it takes to get the job done. He is not one of those people.

✗ He does not demonstrate a concern for others perception of him or his job performance.

✗ His results are not as consistent as those of her coworkers.

✗ He is not reliable for his effort and does not demonstrate a willingness to do whatever it takes to get the job accomplished.

✗ He does not show a willingness to help his employees out even when production is behind. Since being promoted to supervisor, he has taken a hands off approach to the detriment of her team.

✗ He demands reliability from others, but not from himself.

✗ He has energy, drive, and performance levels that are inconsistent and unpredictable.

✗ He talks about deliverables, but does not consistently deliver.

✗ He disappoints employees who depend on him.

✗ He makes promises that he doesn’t keep.

✗ He guarantees that deadlines will be met, but consistently misses them.

✗ He is reliable when it suits him, he constantly needs to be reminded to do tasks he does not enjoy.

PART 12

Ethics and Integrity
Meets or Exceeds Expectations
✓ He is very punctual and values the time of her colleagues and business partners. He has never been late to business meetings.

✓ He is a very honest person. He never abuses any company benefits for personal purposes.

✓ He is a highly principled. He is good manager who treats all employees equally, regardless of gender, age or any other factor.

✓ He has the ability to resolve disputes with clients and partners peacefully.

✓ He discourages gossip or other negative discourse at the workplace. He forms a good working climate.

✓ He is well-mannered and never criticizes his colleagues when they do something incorrectly. He helps to remedy the situation instead.

✓ He always complies with the dress code. His conduct is as proper and formal as his appearance.

✓ He is a skilled negotiator who follows corporate rules and studied techniques. His negotiation skills have had a positive impact on his career development.

✓ He has developed an effective system of encouraging and criticizing of her employees. His people-management is respected by the working community.

✓ He is one of the most moral employees. His firm stand on principles and ethics is to be commended.

✓ He follows all company policies. He abides by both the letter and the spirit of the rules.

✓ He is highly trustworthy. He shows high ideals about how he believes those around him should behave.

✓ He is someone we expect a lot out of and he consistently delivers. His daily work ethic is a standard which others should follow.

✓ He understands his legal responsibility to the company very well.

✓ His high standards of ethics are shown through all of his work on a daily basis.

✓ He maintains the highest standards of personal integrity.

✓ He displays exemplary behavior in every aspect of his work.

✓ He is highly regarded for his integrity both within and outside the company.

✓ He Is a true embodiment of the company’s values regarding integrity.

✓ He sets the standard for integrity.

✓ He Identifies the most worthy steps and then follows them.

✓ He always opts for the reputable route when given a choice.

✓ He finds and implements commendable ways to handle any ethically challenging situation.

✓ His employees emulate the very high personal standards of integrity he sets.

✓ He consistently engages in meritorious behavior.

✓ He can be counted upon to act honorably in all situations.

✓ He fosters a climate of integrity in his department.

✓ He demonstrates the highest levels of integrity in all his dealings with employees.

✓ He always deals with customers with the highest levels of integrity.

✓ He has a strong sense of integrity that underlies all his dealings with vendors.

✓ He shows good intentions in all her workplace behaviors.

✓ He consistently takes the high road.

✓ He suitably counsels employees who engage in inappropriate behaviors.

✓ He has a strong sense of right and wrong. He consistently strives to do what’s right

✓ He maintains high standards of integrity across his department.

✓ He makes decisions that consistently reflect his strong commitment to acting reputably.

✓ He quickly dismisses less than exemplary options.

Below Expectations
✗ He seems to be too focused on his appearance and following the dress code instead of working skills.

✗ His approach to respecting corporate ethics is too strict. The staff cannot show initiative in climate he has created.

✗ He is too restrained and does not encourage or compliment his personnel when he should.

✗ He fails to reprimand his employees even when they make serious mistakes in business negotiations.

✗ He goes into excessive details during business communications to make sure colleagues understands his point of view. It takes too much working time.

✗ His own high ethical approach and his faith in other people want to work ethically is often not justified.

✗ He values a mutually beneficial cooperation with his partners and maintains good relationships with them. He absolutely forgets about the necessary competitiveness, which is also important in business.

✗ He has created democratic and equal relationships with his employees but he should have been more demanding.

✗ He has occasionally made misleading statements that have needed to be corrected.

✗ He is often lax with regard to ethics in business dealings internationally. He must manage his employees to realize that international ethics must be more carefully considered.

✗ There are some accusations from customers that he been untruthful.

✗ He meets the letter of the law but frequently fails to respect the spirit as far as our ethics policy is concerned.

✗ Bending the rules is effectively breaking them in our line of work. He needs to be more cautious about sticking strictly to the rules as defined.

✗ He lets expedience take priority over integrity.

✗ He sets integrity aside when pursuing his goals.

✗ He tries to rationalize his less-than-meritorious behaviors.

✗ Integrity does not seem to rank particularly highly on his list of priorities.

✗ He always expects integrity from others, but doesn’t always display it himself.

✗ He demonstrates acceptable levels of integrity only intermittently.

✗ He has show several recent lapses in integrity.

✗ He violates company standards and expectations regarding employee integrity

✗ He has put the company at risk with his inappropriate actions.

✗ He engages in underhanded behaviors.

✗ Has taken actions that have caused his employees to question his integrity.

✗ He has generated complaints from customers because of issues with his integrity.

✗ He has been the cause of concern from vendors because of his integrity.

✗ He has cost the company customers and money because of his disingenuous behavior.

✗ He has engaged in questionable behaviors that have led to corporate embarrassment.

PART 13

Flexibility
Meets or Exceeds Expectations
✓ He is a flexible manager and always tries to understand and respect his employees’ situations. He creates a positive working environment.

✓ He is ready to improve and develop necessary skills to make his job more effective. He participates in trainings and other corporate events.

✓ He never gets stressed in unexpected situations. He never complains about innovations introduced at the workplace.

✓ He is ready to make a new and carefully considered decision if the situation has changed and the previous actions have become inappropriate.

✓ He is ready to work extra hours if urgent and essential issues must be solved by the end of the day.

✓ He is always ready for business trips when necessary for his job and for improving relationships with clients.

✓ He is strong and confident but at the same time open-minded. He is always ready to consider proposals from colleagues.

✓ He is always stays aware of market changes to be able to react immediately. This awareness helps the company develop and flourish.

✓ He always takes opposite and conflicting views into account to develop proper compromise solutions.

✓ He tries to find an individual approach to each person, colleague and customer. He optimizes his work and get benefits for the company.

✓ He constantly identifies more efficient ways of doing business.

✓ He readily accepts constructive criticism.

✓ He is a well-versed team player. He is capable of handling a variety of assignments.

✓ He is calm under pressure.

✓ He is a calming influence, especially within his peer group.

✓ He shows initiative, and is flexible when approaching new tasks.

Below Expectations
✗He does not excel at activities which require a high degree of flexibility.

✗ He cannot refuse his colleagues’ requests. He excessively takes on extra work and additional problems.

✗ He always adapts to production changes by trying to please his manager. Standing on his own would be better.

✗ He fails to focus on his main task because he tries to gain more and more additional skills at his work.

✗ His employees abuse his willingness to allow them to work from home in case of necessity.

✗ He tries to perform several tasks simultaneously to finish work faster instead of setting the right priorities.

✗ He always accepts too many tasks and cannot cope with the huge amount of work in result.

✗ He can change his point of view without analyzing or defending it. He should be more certain about his proposals.

✗ Due to his high levels of responsibility, he cannot afford to relax and enjoy some time out of work.

✗ He tends to resist activities where the path is unknown.

✗ He appears uninterested in new duties.

✗ He becomes uptight when the plan changes.

PART 14

Goal Setting
Meets or Exceeds Expectations
✓One of his strengths is his ability to design achievable goals. He ensures those goals are all met on time.

✓He is effective at goal-setting and challenging himself.

✓He clearly communicates goals and objectives to coworkers.

✓ He takes responsibility for the performance of his staff members. He ensures the achievement of the goals as planned.

✓ He defines clear goals and expects the right performance from his group.

✓ He knows how to keep his staff focused on a plan. He assigns suitable duties to each of them.

✓ He knows to assign suitable duties to each staff member. He urges his staff to give him the results he expects.

✓ He gives frequent feedback to his staff members. He coaches them to perform as required.

✓ He constantly strives to be the best he possibly can be.

✓ He sets concrete and measurable goals.

✓ He sets aggressive targets to meet business objectives.

✓ He creates clearly defined goals aligned with the company’s mission.

✓ He proactively shares progress towards goals.

✓ He usually shares his knowledge with his staff to help them perform their duties better.

✓ He takes responsibility for his team’s work and goals.

✓ He sets concrete and measured tasks.

✓ He assigns the right duty to the right staff and instructs them how to perform their assignments well.

✓ He always gives each staff member the right assignment. His staff reward his expectations in their performances.

✓ He ensures his staff understand their job responsibilities. He holds his staff accountable for their responsibilities.

✓ He clearly communicates objectives, and what is expected from them to his team members.

✓ He consistently shares feedback with his staff regarding their progress.

✓ He holds himself accountable for his team’s performance objectives and goals.

✓ He sets clear and measurable performance expectations.

✓ When working in a team, he always pays attention to the goals set. He monitors his staff’s achievements.

✓ He focuses on setting clear and achievable goals. He judges the right performance level from his group when doing their tasks.

Below Expectations
✗He struggles to set goals that align with company objectives.

✗ He is ineffective at pursuing his goals.

✗ He is easily distracted at work. He fails to focus on his goals, resulting in failure.

✗ He devolves responsibility for deadlines and objectives to employees instead of accepting them as supervisor.

✗ He is ineffective at setting achievable goals.

✗ He Is inconsistent in defining goals and objectives.

✗ He assigns tasks to his employees without providing any information or feedback to keep them on the track.

✗ He sets performance goals that are out of touch with reality.

✗ He struggles to communicate when deadlines will be missed.

✗ He leaves peers struggling to understand the status of a project.

✗ He refuses to delegate to others. He attempts to do all the work by himself.

✗ He is unwilling to accept responsibility for missed goals.

✗ He is easily distracted. He is uninterested in focusing on achieving performance goals.

✗ He does not assign his staff effectively. His ineffective assignments mean he cannot reach assigned goals.

✗ He does not achieve goals or objectives because he does not focus on his performance.

✗ He will shift responsibility onto others for unaccomplished deadlines or goals.

✗ He sometimes does not reach the set goals.

✗ He often assigns his members duties without giving them information or feedback. The lack of information means staff do not know what should do.

✗ He rarely achieves goals due to his inability to assign the right duties to the right person.

✗ He doesn’t always communicate the right information to his staff to ensure they are successful with their tasks.

✗ He fails to achieve the goals because he doesn’t delegate to his staff effectively.

✗ He gets distracted and doesn’t reach his goals or objectives.

✗ He will blame others for missed deadlines and objectives.

✗ He sets goals that sometimes are not achievable.

✗ As a supervisor but he doesn’t accept responsibility is shared with his staff. He believes his employees are should accept all responsibility for deadlines, objectives and results.

✗ His goal-setting ability is not good. He sometimes asks his staff complete unachievable goals.

✗ He has a strong vision for the future, both personally, and for the company.

✗ He develops actionable goals and plans how to meet them.

✗ He implements plans swiftly and effectively. He adjusts plans when something is not working.

✗ He works to promote the company’s mission and vision.

✗ He contributes to the company’s larger goals.

✗ He needs to set goals that are more challenging.

✗ He constantly pursues opportunities for growth and learning.

✗ He should strive to aim a little higher when setting goals.

✗ He would benefit from reigning in goals and vision to something more achievable.

✗ He needs set goals that more accurately match his talent level.

PART 15

Initiative
Meets or Exceeds Expectations
✓ He doesn’t wait for instructions. He shows the initiative to find new tasks himself.

✓ He requires minimal supervision. He shows initiative on his own.

✓ He s a goal-oriented person. He sets his own priorities to accomplish his job.

✓ He is a very creative person. He is skilled in finding the best ways to get a job done.

✓ He has a high sense of responsibility to his job. He tries to perfect his performance without prompting.

✓ He never feels satisfied with his performance. He always seeks new ways to improve himself.

✓ He is supportive of new ideas, goals and working methods no matter where they come from.

✓ He is always ready to take over new tasks whenever needed.

✓ Has excellent communication skills. He gets the job done through the best use of people.

✓ He is flexible and has the ability to adjust to any situation. He shows willingness to do whatever is necessary to get the task done.

✓ He always seeks ways to enhance his abilities and better himself.

✓ He always takes responsibility for his team and its performance.

✓ He always looks for new challenges and makes the work environment better.

✓ He always takes initiative in overcoming obstacles and finding a resolution that meets everyone’s needs.

✓ He fulfils his duty is by finding new challenges for himself.

✓ He does not need guidance. He always carries out his assignments without waiting to be told.

✓ He is a responsible staff member. He always performs his assignments through initiative without supervision.

✓ He explores new opportunities without being pushed to do so.

✓ He requires minimum supervision.

✓ He is always pursuing ways to further development or better himself.

✓ He always takes responsibility for his area and their actions.

✓ He is always challenging the way it has always been done and seeks to improve the environment.

✓ He champions new ideas, objectives or tools.

✓ He seeks and takes on any new opportunity that might present itself.

✓ He often thinks that his performance is not as good as everybody says. He always wants to try to improve his performance as much as possible.

✓ He is considered as the best person in the group because of his innovative ideas, critical goals and effective working methods.

✓ He never minds taking on new tasks. He always takes on even the most difficulty tasks to develop himself.

Below Expectations
✗ His experience and knowledge doesn’t reflect that listed in his application.

✗ He must be closely supervised if he is to his work.

✗ He is lethargic and lacks the desire or volition to learn new skills or develop his qualifications.

✗ It seems too difficult for him to do his job on his own.

✗ He won’t improve if he continues to neglect the opportunities in front of him.

✗ He does not seem to be adaptable. He is unable to perform consistently under pressure or thrive on constant change or challenge.

✗ He typically thinks inside the box and is afraid to risk doing anything in a new way.

✗ He is indecisive. He is unable to make quick decisions, take action or commit himself to a project’s completion.

✗ He does not seem to be an ideas person. He is not ready to generate or recognize new solutions when performing a task.

✗ He has poor abilities to establish priorities and courses of action for himself. He lacks the skills in planning and following up to achieve results.

✗ He does not use his experience and knowledge to its full potential.

✗ He needs close supervision when he is performing his assignments.

✗ He does not want to pick up any new techniques or skills.

✗ He finds it difficult to perform his duties without assistance or supervision.

✗ He lacks the excellence and skills detailed in his application.

✗ He needs constant guidance in order to accomplish his assignments.

✗ He does not actively want to learn new skills or techniques as or to improve his qualification.

✗ He doesn’t apply himself as much as he could given his experience and knowledge.

✗ He requires constant supervision to get his work completed.

✗ He doesn’t appear to want to learn any new techniques or skills.

✗ He has trouble doing his tasks without help or supervision.

✗ He doesn’t seek out opportunities to learn and grow within his role.

✗ He fails to think out of the box and prefers to do things the way they have always been done.

✗ He always has issues when he has to deal with tasks alone.

✗ He often neglects unexpected opportunities and loses the chance to improve himself.

✗ He often works in an unprofessional manner. He never risks doing anything innovatively.

PART 16

Job Knowledge
Meets or Exceeds Expectations
✓ He is very studious. He is willing to study the knowledge needed for his job. He shares everything he knows with other team members.

✓ He always keeps himself updated about new information and knowledge in relation to his field of expertise.

✓ He shows a potentially excellent level knowledge about the job requirements and related skills.

✓ He is very knowledgeable about the products and special features of the company’s products.

✓ John is very hard-working. He does not mind studying anything relating to the job. He shares anything he knows with other colleagues.

✓ He always shares updated and new information and knowledge relating to specialist area in which he is working.

✓ He possesses the perfect knowledge and skills that are useful for the his job.

✓ He has a deep knowledge of the products and particular characteristics of the company’s products.

✓ He possesses appropriate the expertise to perform his job at a highly professional level.

✓ He takes the available opportunities to increase his knowledge of relevant job skills.

✓ He completes his assignments accurately and in a timely and efficient manner.

✓ He shares his knowledge with coworkers.

✓ He maintains an up-to-date level of professional and technical knowledge.

✓ He demonstrates his knowledge of his job on a daily basis.

✓ He always applies new knowledge to his work and keeps up with changes in his field.

✓ He is always the first to understand new rules, upgraded software and equipment and adjust to the changes.

✓ His skill set exceeds the requirements for the job.

Below Expectations
✗ He cannot fulfill his duties due to his lack of necessary knowledge of the job.

✗ He is unable to perform even the simplest tasks. He cannot be let out of the sight of his supervisors.

✗ He is not as knowledgeable about the job and its requirements as we expected.

✗ He doesn’t know even the key fundamentals of the job. He always has to ask for other people’s instruction.

✗ He cannot complete his job because he does not have the needed job knowledge.

✗ He does not have ability to do even the easiest tasks and requires close supervision.

✗ He does not satisfy our expectations because he lacks the necessary job knowledge.

✗ He does not understand the core basics of the job. He always needs his colleagues’ help.

✗ He is continually turning in sub-par work and needs to improve his job knowledge.

✗ He repeatedly asks the same questions about his job duties. He does not retain the important information required to perform his job well.

✗ His skill set does not meet requirements for the job.

PART 17

Judgment
Meets or Exceeds Expectations
✓ He knows how to apply appropriate knowledge and find information sources to make sound decisions.

✓ He is a fair decision-maker.

✓ He doesn’t let his viewpoint be clouded by doubt when faced with a problem.

✓ He can remain calm and cool-headed when dealing with problems.

✓ He can be very persuasive with his sound arguments.

✓ He is a fact-based decision maker.

✓ He maintains an objective judgment when determining immediate actions.

✓ He shows sound judgement when evaluating multiple opportunities.

✓ He comes to reasonable conclusions based on the information presented to him.

✓ He Is fact-based, and refuses to accept emotional arguments when making a decision.

✓ He remains calm, especially under stress.

✓ He balances swift decision-making, with the ability to analyze the many angles to a problem.

✓ He is confident and persuasive when making big decisions.

✓ He consistently understands the core issues. His understanding of the issues enables him to solve problems at a remarkable pace.

✓ He makes confident decisions when presented with facts and data.

✓ He effectively prioritizes urgent matters over those that can wait.

✓ He effectively outlines the best case and worst case scenarios to aid decision-making.

Below Expectations
✗ He is more of an emotion-based decision maker.

✗ He fails to make sound judgments.

✗ He doesn’t consult others for ideas and make subjective judgments.

✗ He cannot handle pressure well and makes quick decisions that are normally not the best.

✗ He makes hasty decisions without first collecting the facts and data needed to make an informed decision.

✗ He consistently displays excessive hesitation when making a decision.

✗ He makes big decisions without the approval of all respective parties.

✗ He is unable to keep confidential information private.

✗ He approaches decisions with a one-track mindset.

✗ He commonly fails to consider all the facts before making a decision.

PART 18

Listening Skills
Meets or Exceeds Expectations
✓ He encourages others to voice their own opinions.

✓ He listens to opinions and ensures that staff feel that they are being listened to, and are free to express their opinions.

✓ He has mastered the skill of showing the employee he has understood their concerns and opinions.

✓ He tries to understand the employee’s point of view.

✓ He shows appropriate behavior and gestures, such as nodding or keeping eye contact to indicate attention and agreement.

✓ He patiently to listens to others’ opinions and waits until they finish speaking.

✓ He is an active and focused listener.

✓ He makes sure the team feels heard.

✓ He creates healthy dialogue to help the bring about the best solution.

✓ He listens with an open mind.

✓ He demonstrates a sincere appreciation for opposing viewpoints.

✓ He actively seeks feedback, even when it’s not in agreement with his own view.

✓ He asks insightful questions to understand the root cause of an issue.

✓ He empathizes with others who have opposing viewpoints.

✓ He follows instructions with care and attention.

✓ He is sincerely interested in what others have to say and listens fully before responding.

✓ He listens to, and promptly follows all directions.

✓ He is always an attentive and active listener.

✓ He encourages feedback from his customers. He listens to customers and works to resolve any problems.

Below Expectations
✗ He does not pay attention when others are talking and frequently asks silly questions.

✗ He is easily distracted when listening to others.

✗ He interrupts others while they are speaking.

✗ He does not want to listen to others.

✗ He loses his temper easily when others give criticism.

✗ He interrupts others and changes their topics if he does not like them.

✗ He asks questions that show he is not actively listening to the conversation at hand.

✗ He Is easily distracted and doesn’t fully absorb other people’s points of view.

✗ He interrupts his peers.

✗ He constantly interjects into conversations.

✗ He dismisses other people’s ideas that he doesn’t agree with.

✗ He stops listening when presented with an opposing viewpoint.

✗ He is uninterested in what others have to say and interrupts others before they finish speaking.

✗ He does not listen to directions and repeatedly asks management to repeat themselves.

✗ He is an inattentive listener and rarely asks for clarification.

✗ He disregards customer feedback and interacts only when necessary.

PART 19

Leadership and Mentoring
Meets or Exceeds Expectations
✓ He organizes and gives direction, guidance and feedback to his subordinates and colleagues.

✓ He maintains open communication among his employees.

✓ He acknowledges the accomplishments of employees and recognizes their contributions.

✓ He encourages employees to take responsibility for their performances.

✓ He distributes resources in an appropriate manner depending on the priority of assignments.

✓ He establishes a corporate culture of reliability and caring.

✓ He shared the vision of the action plan with employees.

✓ He gained the respect of the employees.

✓ He is responsible for his own staff.

✓ He is ready to share information and knowledge for the common development of all staff.

✓ He is very helpful when mentoring entry-level staff getting used to their jobs.

✓ He is a great mentor who is very helpful to new staff.

✓ He demonstrates high level of knowledge of internal policies and standards, which is a key requirement for an effective mentor.

✓ He is a servant-leader, who is always willing to help his team.

✓ He gives structure, feedback and direction to his team.

✓ He consistently recognizes his team for a job well done.

✓ He actively listens to his team’s feedback and comments.

✓ He creates a culture of dialogue.

✓ He recognizes staff for a job well done.

✓ He allows just enough differences to find the best outcome.

✓ He balances the overall strategy of the organization with tactical day-to-day tasks.

✓ He demonstrates setting a high bar for ethical behavior.

✓ He appreciates the performance of staff and appreciates their loyalty.

✓ He praises the staff who take responsibility for their performances.

✓ He allocates tasks appropriately based on the prior assignments.

✓ He provides the information and knowledge beneficial to the general development of the staff.

✓ He understands how to take daily tasks and motivate employees to meet a long term goal.

✓ He leads the team in the difficult environment of customer service to success, meeting all objectives.

✓ He understands people and the different ways to motivate them to get the job done.

✓ He is an excellent coach and regularly receives maximum performance feedback scores from his direct reports.

✓ He understands that good leaders improve themselves through study, training, and experience. He is willing to commit the hours necessary for these pursuits.

✓ He is able to bring out the best out of those in the team.

✓ He has established an effective system for communication and information retrieval.

✓ He provides constant coaching and guidance to employees.

✓ He is open to listening to employees, as well as experimenting with new management techniques.

✓ He empowers others to take initiative as well.

✓ He shows sound judgement in critical decision making.

✓ He avoids knee jerk reactions, and collects all relevant facts before making a decision.

✓ He creates an atmosphere in which creativity and innovation is both rewarded and encouraged.

Below Expectations
✗ He exaggerates the seriousness of problems.

✗ He confuses the employees through different directions and guidance.

✗ He disregards company policies tends to work by himself.

✗ He is rarely prepared to participate in discussions or meetings.

✗ He rarely shows appreciation for good performance.

✗ His leadership instincts cannot be relied on to manage others.

✗ He fails to explain procedures to his subordinates clearly. He lacks the qualifications to be an effective mentor.

✗ He expects everyone to know the regulations and procedures but never gives them any mentoring.

✗ He gets frustrated easily with new team members and fails to offer any support.

✗ He is often impatient and unhelpful.

✗ He tends to overanalyze problems when a prompt decision is required.

✗ He fails to plan for the future.

✗ He sends mixed signals to his team regarding goals and day-to-day activities.

✗ He rarely shows any recognition to his team.

✗ He sets unreasonably high expectations for his team.

✗ He fails to keep confidential information secret.

✗ He plays favorites and does not treat each member of the team equally.

✗ He ignores the company regulations prefers to work on his own.

✗ He seldom takes part in discussions or meetings.

✗ He seldom compliments staff on an excellent performance.

✗ He does not use his leadership skills appropriately to manage staff.

✗ He needs to know when to step back and let the team work.

✗ He sets expectations that are too high for his team.

✗ He rarely gives recognition to his team.

✗ He needs to establish an effective system for communication and information retrieval.

✗ He too often stifles innovation and creativity.

✗ He needs to focus on big picture items, yet he continues to micromanage his staff.

✗ He finds it difficult to delegate tasks which makes the team’s achievements entirely reliant on him.

✗ His lack of trust in his team members means that it is difficult for his team to accomplish anything.

✗ He is a capable manager but he is unable to influence people like a true leader.

✗ He is unable to persuade people to get the job done.

PART 20

Management Style and Supervision
Meets or Exceeds Expectations
✓ He is very good at managing his team to perform their tasks excellently.

✓ He is a good manager and he leads his team to perform their assignments well.

✓ He managed a flawed team In difficult circumstances, and developed it to be one of the best in our organization.

✓ His team and managers gave him positive feedback and good comments.

✓ He is very good at training employees. He directs them use their strengths to better their performances.

✓ He is expert in training his employees. He provides good management of them.

✓ He leads his team to be the best team despite the difficulties that go with it.

✓ He is able to set clear objectives and requirements for his subordinates.

✓ He provides sufficient information on guidance and feedback to his team.

✓ He takes charge of directly dealing with problems.

✓ He supervises and care about the performance of his subordinates.

✓ Monitor the process by frequently meeting with each member to show concern about their performance.

✓ He designs action plans and deadlines needed for each subordinate to accomplish their tasks.

✓ He is very professional with his employees and manages them well.

✓ He has had a difficult situation with the team he manages, yet he has turned them around in excellent fashion.

✓ His team performs well and all of them speak highly of him.

✓ He is a top performer and leads a team of high performers. His leadership has contributed to very high productivity from this department.

✓ He understands his team and how to motivate them to high performance.

✓ He manages his team well and elicits good performances from them.

✓ He is an effective manager and understands how to supervise his employees to meet expectations.

✓ He had a rough start but ended the year well with her team turning in the best performers of all the groups.

✓ He has received good feedback from both his team and his managers.

✓ He is very adept at managing difficult employees and turning their energies towards higher performances.

✓ He is an excellent manager and he knows how to lead his staff to satisfy his expectations.

✓ He had a difficult beginning but he and his team achieved the best performance of all groups in the company.

✓ He was pushed into a truly difficult position and managed a complicated team. But in a short time, he led the team to become one of the best.

✓ He has received good remarks from his team and his managers.

✓ He is expert in managing staff. He knows how to use their strengths to make their performances better.

✓ He works as an advisor, friend, and boss for his team. He plays these three roles well to manage his team.

✓ He started the period with a very poor performance. However, she finished it amazingly with her team performance being the best of all the groups.

✓ He took over the worst team of the company, but he managed so well that he has developed every member to be one of the most effective employees in the company.

✓ He has received a lot of positive appraisals from his subordinates and other line-managers.

✓ He manages his team well and receives good performances from them.

✓ He is an effective manager and understands how to supervise his employees to meet expectations.

✓ He had a rough start but she ended the year well with his team turning in the best performance of all the groups.

✓ He is in a difficult situation: he inherited a team that frankly was a mess. He quickly turned the team around to one of our best performers.

✓ He has received good feedback from his team and his managers.

✓ He is very adept at managing difficult employees and turning their energies towards higher performances.

✓ He has a difficult situation with the team he manages, yet he has turned them around in excellent fashion.

✓ His team performs well and all speak highly of him.

Below Expectations
✗ Despite being a good supervisor, he does not know how to lead his staff to achieve a perfect performance.

✗ He is poor at managing a high performance team. He does not know how to perform this task.

✗ He was a good employee but not good enough to become an excellent manager.

✗ He displays unfairness with his team and favors certain individuals.

✗ He is far from an expert manager of staff. His employees’ complaints about his impossible requirements are reasonable. He should learn to accept a reasonable work-personal life balance.

✗ He is a good supervisor but he is not expert in this field. He is unable to manage his team well and his team’s performance is not good.

✗ He tries to be both a manager and friend. He finds it hard to distinguish between his personal relationships and work relationships.

✗ He does not know how to set targets and lead his team to reach them. He feels confused when setting goals and leading his team forward.

✗ He fails to resolve conflict among subordinates.

✗ He fails to create a working environment meeting his subordinates’ expectation.

✗ He fails to show a frequent appreciation of his subordinates’ performance.

✗ He fails to actively resolve the problem of poor performances at work.

✗ He fails to resolve problems until they becomes conflicts.

✗ He fails to meet schedules.

✗ He does not cope very well with managing employees.

✗ He is an satisfactory supervisor but he does not excel. He does not always relate well to his employees and this shows in the group’s work effort.

✗ He has not made the transition from co-worker to manager very well. He has a difficult time separating his personal relationships with professional ones.

✗ He does not understand how to set team goals and manage his team to achieve them. He does not focus on the goals necessary to move his team forward.

✗ He understands how to manage personalities similar to his, but has not worked very hard managing other types of personalities on his team. He needs to better understand personality types and how they interrelate.

✗ He is a decent task manager, but falls short when it comes to setting a vision.

✗ There have been a few issues with his team that must be resolved. These issues could be detrimental to the performance of the department and should be the focus of the next few months.

✗ He understands how to handle difficult employees and manage difficult staff. We continue to have above average turnover on his team. This year, we need to focus on what issues are causing such high turnover.

✗ He is not very effective at managing his staff to a high performance level.

✗ He is a good supervisor, but has failed to manage his staff to high productivity.

✗ He does not understand the intricacies of managing a high performance team and has yet to perform.

✗ He was a great individual performer but so far has not proven he is a good manager.

✗ He has a tendency to play favorites and not treat all employees fairly.

✗ His employees consistently complain of unreasonable expectations.

✗ He is a good supervisor, but he is not expert in this field. He does not have a good connection with his staff and this affects the team’s performance.

✗ He has found it hard to becoming a manager after being a staff member. He has difficulty in distinguishing his personal relationships and working ones.

✗ He fails to manage his staff to gain effective performance.

✗ He is good at supervising, but he cannot manage his staff to efficient performance.

✗ He does not anticipate complications when managing a high performance team. He does not know how to perform well.

✗ He was an expert staff member but nothing has shown that she is proficient enough to become a manager.

✗ He is not effective at leading her team to high performance.

✗ He has not yet found a way to deal with situations in a group. His team produces poor results for the company..

✗ He is a great employee. However, he does not perform well as a manager.

✗ He does not perform very well in creating an honest and open environment for the employees he supervises.

✗ He is a decent task manager, but falls short when it comes to setting a vision.

✗ There have been a few issues with him as a leader and his team that must be resolved. These issues could be detrimental to the performance of the department and should be the focus of the next few months.

✗ He is not very effective at managing his staff to high performance.

✗ He is a good supervisor, but he has failed at managing his staff to high productivity.

✗ He does not understand the intricacies of managing a high performance team and has yet to perform.

✗ He is an capable supervisor but does not excel. He does not always relate well with his employees and this shows in the group’s work effort.

✗ He has not made the transition from co-worker to manager very well. He has a difficult time separating his personal relationships with professional ones.

✗ He does not understand how to set team goals and manage his team to achieve them. He seems to always be in survival mode without focusing on the goals necessary to move his team forward.

PART 21

Organizing and Planning
Meets or Exceeds Expectations
✓ He demonstrates good organizational and planning skills.

✓ He is creative and logical in addressing any aspect of his work.

✓ He is quick at finding information.

✓ He is plans and organizes work in timely manner.

✓ He adheres to deadlines and meets production benchmarks.

✓ He works toward an organized and comfortable working environment.

✓ He takes responsibility for work and is ready to stay late to ensure the work is performed well.

Below Expectations
✗ He finds it difficult to plan an action without instruction.

✗ He fails to resolve problems in a timely manner.

✗ He lacks communication at work and is reluctant to support or offer assistance to those that need it.

✗ He has difficulties in understanding the strategy of the company or narrating a conceptual ideal to managers.

✗ He demonstrate a management-by-crisis style, which means a responsive style.

✗ He has met difficulties in handling his workload.

PART 22

Teamwork
Meets or Exceeds Expectations
✓ He shows a high level of team spirit. He readily cooperates with his team members to get the job done.

✓ He is very good at encouraging other members to do the job according to their best efforts.

✓ He respects every team member.

✓ He appreciates new ideas from his team members very much.

✓ He is very active in asking for the opinion of his team members before making a decision.

✓ He can be relied on by his team members and expects the same from them.

✓ He manages his relationships with his coworkers, managers, and employees in a professional manner.

✓ He works well with others.

✓ He is the consummate team player.

✓ He contributes to the success of the team on a regular basis.

✓ His ability to work well with others has always been impressive. This year, he has really shined in this area. He is one of those team members you would love to have on your team.

✓ He is always one of the first to volunteer to help to get the job done whenever a large project comes in.

✓ He isn’t only concerned about himself and continually contributes to the success of those around him

✓ He always helps out to achieve the goals of the group.

✓ He is a team player and understands how to help others in times of need.

✓ His ability to work with and understand the dynamics of the many teams in the organization has been beneficial to the firm.

✓ He isn’t concerned about who gets the credit, just that the task gets accomplished.

✓ He has a great willingness to help his fellow teammates.

✓ He found a creative workaround that improved processes for the team. His innovative steps resulted in a 25% increase in productivity for the team as a whole.

✓ He is a good team member. He is very cooperative and helpful in times of need.

✓ His ability to coordinate the performances of each team member together is vital to team’s success,

✓ He doesn’t care who receives the credit. He only cares about how to get the job done excellently.

✓ He satisfies everybody because he often contributes positively to the success of others instead of himself.

✓ He knows very well how to keep a good relationship and communication with others to finish team work.

✓ He is often the first person who volunteers.

✓ He empowers himself as well as others around him.

✓ He makes new employees feel welcome.

✓ He recognizes potential in others, and seeks to help them reach that potential.

✓ He is quick to lend a hand to others in need of help.

✓ He shares expertise with others, to teach as well as achieve goals.

✓ He is excellent example of our company culture in action.

✓ He is enthusiastic about work and working with others.

✓ Handles pressure well.

✓ He is sensitive and clear when delivering bad news.

✓ He finds the positive in situations where perspective is required.

✓ His enthusiasm for the work shines through and infects others around them.

✓ He is open to change.

✓ He creates good relationships with his colleagues, managers and staff in a professional environment.

✓ He focuses on the basics to bring success to the team.

✓ He completes his duties without concern who will take the credit.

✓ He does not care for only for himself.

✓ He always devotes himself wholeheartedly to the success of the team.

Below Expectations
✗ He doesn’t have a good relationship with his team members. He sometimes refuses to accept their opinion.

✗ He is a loner. He is not suitable for teamwork tasks.

✗ He doesn’t want to share his knowledge in relation to the job with others.

✗ He does not actively cooperate with others.

✗ He holds on to too much and does not delegate to his team effectively.

✗ He focuses only on getting his own work accomplished. He does not take the time to help members of his team who are struggling to keep up.

✗ He is not consistent in supporting his teammates.

✗ He was a good at team player when he was just a member of the team, but now that he is in a supervisory role, he has lost many of those teamwork skills.

✗ He relies on his own knowledge and abilities and fails to ask others for help and their expertise.

✗ He is a team player most of the time, but frequently we have problems with his follow through when other teammates need help.

✗ He is focused on himself and does not think about the needs of those around him.

✗ He seems more intent on accomplishing his own tasks rather than assisting others who might need help.

✗ He comes from a very individual focused work environment to a team focused one and has struggled to adjust.

✗ He focuses his team on accomplishing individual tasks and neglects to consider what could be accomplished if the team worked more cohesively together.

✗ He works with the team well when his own projects are coming due and he needs help, but once those are accomplished, he does not frequently help others on their projects.

✗ He does not understand how to share tasks with others.

✗ He is more suitable to an individual-focused environment than a group-work environment.

✗ He directed each member toward accomplishing their individual tasks. He didn’t focus on coordinating them toward one common goal.

✗ He does not monitor and follow up on her teams progress and as a result nothing is accomplished.

✗ He pays such strong attention to his own tasks that he does not consider the needs of his teammates.

✗ He often pays more attention on completing his tasks than support other teammates who might need his assistance.

✗ He does not assist his teammates as required.

✗ He holds on to too much and does not delegate to his team effectively.

✗ He focuses on getting his own work accomplished, but does not take the time to help those members of his team who are struggling to keep up.

✗ He works with the team well when his own projects are coming due and he needs help, but once those are accomplished, he does not frequently help others on their projects.

✗ Struggles when faced with activities which require a high amount of flexibility.

✗ He is resistant/open to change.

✗ He needs to show greater enthusiasm.

✗ He avoids delivering bad news when necessary or leaves the responsibility to others.

✗ Although his results are good, he could work on improving his general attitude or enthusiasm.

✗ He has a tendency to blame others for problems or poor results.

✗ He had good a good sense of teamwork when he was a member of the team but he lost it after becoming a supervisor.

✗ He only concerns himself with the achievement of each individual without considering what team will gain if they work together.

✗ He relies on his knowledge and skills to perform without asking colleagues for help and advice.

✗ He meets difficulty when working with a team he is to performing as an individual.

✗ He does not know how to cooperate with his colleagues in his team to achieve targets.

✗ He complains that he does not receive any assistance from others.

PART 23

Technical Skills
Meets or Exceeds Expectations
✓ He is an excellent employee and he understands our systems and processes thoroughly.

✓ He is provided many complicated tasks but he performs them easily.

✓ He is always the first person thoroughly understand and take on the new technology well.

✓ He is always the first choice whenever we need a person to take on new technology.

✓ Everything seems to have big step in the world of technology. We always put our trust in him because he is expert in working with our previous generation systems.

✓ He knows the technical essence of his assignments thoroughly.

✓ He is good at solving complicated issues in his job.

✓ He has the ability to learn new technology quickly and successfully apply it into to enhance his performance.

✓ He has good knowledge of the technology and he knows how to apply it efficiently.

✓ He one of the most technical employees we have.

✓ He is able to grasp complex technical concepts. He explains them in easy to understand ways.

✓ We rely on him when we need to implement new technology.

✓ He is good at understanding the technical nature of his job.

✓ He is excellent at absorbing the complexities of his job.

✓ He deals with very complex topics and discussions. He is always able to bring a level of understanding the rest of us can follow.

✓ He is one of the first people we turn to whenever we have a very technical problem. His ability to grasp technology is an asset to our team.

✓ He is an accomplished technician who understands our systems and processes.

✓ He is one of the first to pick up and understand new technology as we implement it.

✓ He exhibits excellent proficiency in [relevant skill].

✓ He is able to grasp difficult technical concepts and explain them to others.

✓ He tackles the intricacies of the job with ease and flair.

✓ He rarely makes careless errors.

✓ He experiments with new means to improve his skills and results.

✓ He practices a great deal of care in his work.

✓ He has good instincts and knows when to follow them.

Below Expectations
✗ He is not good enough to be a technician.

✗ He has good knowledge of business, but he fails to properly communicate with other technical members of his team.

✗ He should attend more training sessions, He should study harder to improve his technical knowledge.

✗ His technical aptitude is not as good as it is displayed in his application.

✗ He sometimes seems to ignore technical concepts. He should apply more technical concepts to satisfy the requirements for his role.

✗ He is not aware how to adopt the latest technology. He needs excessive sessions of further training. He should be ready to face changes.

✗ He seems to find it hard when learning new technology.

✗ He is unable to get along with our technology even though our systems have been used for a long time and well documented.

✗ He should equip himself with more knowledge of technology for his job.

✗ He is not very adept at understanding new technology.

✗ He does not have the aptitude to understand the technical nuances they present even though our systems have been in place for many years and are well documented.

✗ His understanding of business is very good, however, his ability to communicate with the technical members of his team is holding him back.

✗ He needs to continue to improve his technical knowledge through training and self study.

✗ He needs to improve his technical understanding of his job.

✗ He is not a technician but some basic technical knowledge is required in his role. He needs to work on his technical knowledge.

✗ He needs to work on being able to think outside of the box. He should think beyond the manuals, and troubleshoot technical issues which are not documented.

✗ He is not technical enough for his role.

✗ He surprised us by not being more technical in nature considering his background.

✗ He should learn the technical concepts required for his position. Technical concepts sometimes seem to pass him by.

✗ He needs to focus more on understanding the trends and changes in the fast changing world marketplace.

✗ He needs to work on adapting better to new systems or technologies.

✗ He is continually searching for ways to improve.

✗ His professional growth seems to have halted.

✗ He has grown a lot since hiring, but he still has great room for further growth.

PART 24

Time Management
Meets or Exceeds Expectations
✓ He performs his tasks with heart and always accomplishes them in due time.

✓ He is always responsible for his colleagues’ performance and effectiveness.

✓ He is an excellent member of our team. He always makes high quality products.

✓ He has the ability to manage his time and his team’s time well.

✓ He knows how to arrange his schedule to complete both the big and small duties each week.

✓ He always performs his tasks effectively.

✓ He knows how to manage his schedule appropriately to complete his assignments.

✓ He can accomplish his assignments efficiently with the tools provided.

✓ He is able work under high pressure.

✓ He always learns about the nature of projects and duties carefully. He divides his time suitably to complete his assignments.

✓ He shows his ability to manage various tasks and accomplish them on time.

✓ He asks his team take responsibility for their performances and goals.

✓ He is an excellent team member. The products he achieved are always planned in advance and good quality.

✓ He has the ability to control his time and his staff’s time.

✓ He uses his time effectively to perform the big and small duties which must be done every week.

✓ He divides his time logically to achieve his goals.

✓ He knows how to uses the equipment efficiently to manage his time.

Below Expectations
✗ He is a good employee but if he knew how to manage his time more suitably he would be more effective.

✗ He thinks that the tools provided to him are not necessary and he does not use them.

✗ He does not know how to use his time appropriately to complete his assignments.

✗ He does not know how to manage his time and he cannot satisfy deadlines of projects again and again.

✗ He should learn how to manage his time in a more effective way.

✗ He should make a work plan for each week. He spends too much time performing his assignments without a proper plan.

✗ He spends too much time on things such as email and Internet.

✗ He does not have the ability to work under pressure.

✗ He is trained how to use his time efficiently but he is still unable to manage it.

✗ He cannot complete his tasks because he manages his time ineffectively.

✗ He usually needs too much time than it takes to complete his duties.

✗ He takes too much time to perform his tasks. We advise him to make concrete plan for every week.

PART 25

Training Ability
Meets or Exceeds Expectations
✓ He is willing to help his staff find suitable training sessions.

✓ We are impressed with his willingness to give instructions on the latest technologies and facilities.

✓ He does not mind taking part in on the job training. He is a valued team member with his enthusiasm.

✓ He encourages all the team members to join in the necessary training sessions.

✓ He is responsible and makes sure that all members take part in the requisite training sessions.

✓ He is able to learn concepts quickly and adopt them into his performance.

✓ He enthusiastically helps his fellow trainees learn complicated lessons in the training sessions by his “can-do” attitude.

✓ He always finds opportunities to take part in specialized training sessions.

Below Expectations
✗ He does not maintain the training equipment fully between classes.

✗ He does not exchange class concepts to with colleagues though she still joins the training sessions.

✗ He does not require his staff to take part in the training sessions even only with minimum hours every year.

✗ He appears to think that the training sessions are not important so he does not concentrate on them.

✗ He should not joke in the training classes. He should concentrate on the content of training lessons.

✗ He should take part in more training opportunities and concentrate on them.

✗ He should prepare before coming to training sessions, This will help him understand all knowledge that trainers are imparting.

✗ He does not know how to apply the knowledge learned in training sessions into his performance.

✗ He declares that training sessions are not necessary despite the many new challenges he and his team are facing.

PART 26

Attitude
Meets or Exceeds Expectations
✓ He builds an atmosphere of trust within his team.

✓ His attitude is an asset to his management skills. He continually builds people up. He deals with difficult situations with incredible posture, and focuses on the positives.

✓ He refuses to be downhearted under incredible pressure. He stands firm and the situation does not affect his attitude. Tim has a unique mind-set that is highly appreciated.

✓ His attitude is always spot on.

✓ His cheerful attitude makes others feel good when he’s around.

✓ He accentuates the positives in most situations.

✓ He maintains a steady, positive attitude that helps. His employees feel everything is ok, even when it seemingly isn’t.

✓ He always has a positive attitude. He frequently has a smile on his face and you can tell he enjoys his job.

✓ He is cheerful guy and always people feel delighted to be around him. We are fortunate to him on our team.

✓ He has an even demeanor through good times and bad. His constant cheer helps others keep their “enthusiasm”, both positive and negative, in check.

✓ He has a soothing personality which reflects a very calm personality. His attitude is one which should be emulated.

✓ He brings a level of enthusiasm to his job that few can. He is always one member the team we go to when we need a lift.

✓ He is adept at maneuvering around any obstacles that are thrown at him. He finishes his work on time and with accuracy.

✓ He always smiles when he goes to work. He does not mind showing off his positive attitude to the team.

✓ He has never complained about his job or his colleagues.

✓ He always provides assistance when necessary, even beyond his normal fixed duty hours or at weekends.

✓ He begins each day revitalized and ready for any challenges he may face.

✓ He encourages his colleagues at work. He easily builds an atmosphere of trust within his team

✓ His attitude is a valuable facet of his management skills. He continuously strengthens the connections between among his subordinates. He resolves difficult situations in an amazing manner.

✓ He is firm, determined and confident. His attitude to work is not diminished in any situation. His strong-mindedness is very much appreciated.

✓ He can deal with internal pressure excellently. He maintains the right attitude towards external relationships.

✓ Bill is such as cheerful person that everyone feels good with him around.

✓ He usually focuses his attention on the positives when dealing with problems.

✓ He has a positive attitude and he is willing to share his thoughts about relevant matters.

✓ He congratulates staff on jobs well done. He maintains a good and comfortable environment for his team.

✓ His positive attitude in his management role is his most important and effective skill. He is cooperative with others and tries to connect everybody together. He maintains an incredible posture and focuses on the positives when solving problems.

✓ He is always enthusiastic and helps motivate team other members.

✓ He is very level-headed and handles stressful situations with ease.

✓ He is quick to congratulate coworkers and builds trust within his team.

Below Expectations
✗ His choice of language can be inappropriate. His level of voice is also inappropriate at times.

✗ He has a tendency to trigger problems between his coworkers.

✗ He excessively tries to talk about non-work related topics. He should keep his conversations work related.

✗ He has a tendency to be irked over minor things. His volatile nature makes his coworkers uneasy.

✗ He should concentrate more on the positive sides of his duties and his team.

✗ He has a tendency to be disruptive after difficult decisions have been announced.

✗ He fails to maintain his normally positive attitude in stressful situations and often resorts to inappropriate tone and language.

✗ His talents are very valuable to the company; nevertheless, his attitude to work is somewhat lacking.

✗ His demeanor can be unapproachable and this negatively impacts the morale of his team.

✗ He needs to control his temper and attitude, he needs to learn not to react too strongly towards negative situations.

✗ He can be the cause of conflicts between his coworkers.

✗ He has an overly sensitive and pessimistic personality. He is easily upset by problems or difficult situations. He should try to think more positively, focus on the good and avoid being overly concerned with his perceived negatives.

✗ He often has troubles with his coworkers when they work together. He is easily angered and argumentative with his colleagues.

✗ His argumentative attitude in conversations his colleagues can make them angry. He is clearly aware of this but he has made no attempt to change his demeanor when talking about non-work related topics. It is highly recommended that he improves his attitude.

✗ He is somewhat pessimistic and his moods affect other employees.

✗ He is careless and unmotivated, which ultimately slows the team down.

✗ He does not handle stressful situations well.

✗ He complains about coworkers too often. His complaints build resentment within his team.

✗ He is not approachable and is tough to work with.

✗ He continually talks negatively about projects or tasks assigned to him.

✗ He always has a negative attitude towards his work.

✗ His attitude is poor in general impacts his work.

✗ He talks negatively about other team members.

✗ He needs to focus on the positive aspects of his job and his team.

✗ He is constantly disrespects his manager.

✗ He often isolates himself and does not take constructive criticism well.

PART 27

Critical Thinking
Meets or Exceeds Expectations
✓ He uses sharp ideas and critical thinking ability to solve issues quickly.

✓ He decides the most appropriate solution to an issue by considering the pros and cons of it very cautiously.

✓ He responds to any issue very quickly. He always finds solutions for problems on time.

✓ He has strong reasoning and critical-thinking skills that help him handle problems well.

✓ He is careful and always thoroughly considers everything before he submitting any idea.

✓ He always thinks twice before he meets any problem. He rarely faces difficulty when he is faced with extreme situations.

✓ He uses an arsenal of creative strategies to proactively solve a wide range of problems.

✓ He consistently generates outstanding solutions to the most demanding problems.

✓ He focuses on solutions to problems not the symptoms.

✓ He has powerful analytical skills that he applies to every stage of the problem-solving process.

✓ He establishes workable, prioritized, and highly effective problem-solving plans for each problem.

✓ He varies his problem-solving style to meet the nature and demands of the problem itself.

✓ He approaches all problems with confidence and the expectation that he will generate solid and innovative solutions.

✓ He actively seeks out problems that require the most creative thinking.

✓ He quickly analyzes the pros and cons of any solution before deciding what is the most effective way to resolve a problem.

✓ He can find timely solution to any problem quickly and effectively.

Below Expectations
✗ He never considers potential changes in circumstances when making decisions.

✗ He rarely thoroughly thinks decisions through.

✗ He does not have the ability to implement a reasonable solution to an issue.

✗ His suggestions are never unique.

✗ He has a tendency to make decision without thinking through its potential consequences.

✗ He makes decisions hastily without thinking.

✗ He never considers the possible consequences of his decisions.

✗ He never thinks twice before making any decision.

✗ He often does not consider the situations that may occur while during performing his duties.

✗ His decision making process is too hurried.

✗ He employs problem-solving techniques that end up generating even more problems.

✗ He creates more problems than he solves.

✗ He overlooks or underestimates problems until they become major issues.

✗ He analyzes minor issues and lets larger problems fester and grow

✗ He decides on the solution before properly analyzing it.

✗ He comes up with solutions that are incorrect, insufficient, and invalid.

✗ He doesn’t analyze the situation and the potential affect of his solutions carefully before making a final decision.

✗ He is unable to find the most effective solutions for problem because his ideas are always mediocre.

PART 28

General Phrases
Meets or Exceeds Expectations
✓ He has remained firmly focused on his team’s goals despite the tremendous pressure recently.

✓ He quickly gets to the heart of the problem identifies the root cause. This allows him to manage multiple projects simultaneously, performing well with each.

✓ He knows how to prioritize short-term and long-term goals.

✓ He is a gem and knows the value of time.

✓ He keeps the faith for the team.

✓ He is a consistent performer, a great task scheduler, and has a no-quitter approach to solving problems.

✓ He is like good software that offers seamless backward compatibility.

✓ His team has performed very well over the past year.

✓ He thinks twice before doing anything that may not be worthwhile.

✓ His team looks up to him as a positive influence.

✓ He never loses sight of his goal.

✓ No technical problem is too difficult to solve for him.

✓ He knows the technology that we employ inside-out, and keeps himself informed about up-to-date changes.

Below Expectations
✗ His team meetings often overrun the allotted time. He should work to improve his time management skills to ensure meetings begin and end as scheduled.

✗ He is frequently late for work and does not adhere to a proper work schedule.

✗ He needs to work on his ability to accept feedback from coworkers.

✗ He should improve his communication with his management team.

✗ He frequently withholds information from his team.

✗ He has a tendency to make other people feel intimidated when they propose new ideas or ask for assistance.

✗ He should work on approaching his coworkers in a more professional and welcoming manner.

✗ He does not attempt to take creative risks. He creates a stiff environment that is not conducive to innovation.

✗ He does not adhere to the sales script that is proven for success. He attempts to unacceptably modify the script.

✗ He does not work within the company policies that are proven for ultimate success rates.

✗ He does not always ensure his customers are satisfied. He has had complaints filed against him for inappropriate responses to customer feedback.

✗ He frequently misses targets and does not keep up to date with the objectives expected of him.

✗ He does not willingly take on additional responsibility or step forward when new tasks or projects arrive.

✗ He consistently relies on other people.

✗ He should work to improve his interaction with customers and how well he meets their needs.

✗ He rarely shows appreciation to his employees for a job well done.

✗ He should be more open to feedback and apply it to his work to increase his accuracy and productivity.

 

 

Status.net is a cloud solution that brings a more light-hearted tone to messaging making it easily digestible, and makes it easy for leaders to receive updates and provide feedback.

How to use status.net to improve communication and collaboration:
Downward communication:
a) Build trust and improve leadership communication by sharing regular updates and reasoning behind your decisions.
b) Share information about company announcements, branch news, new hires, etc.
c) Share company goals and objectives regularly.
Upward communication:
a) Easily implement daily or weekly status updates for your team members by creating a status feed “How did you contribute to the team’s goals this week?”.
b) Create automated scheduled questionnaires with questions like “How can we improve?”, “Do you have any obstacles?”, etc.
Status.net allows you to configure granular access permissions to set up who can view the answers (optional).
For recurrent questionnaires: no one forgets to answer because status.net sends automated reminders according to the recurrence schedule you chose.
Increase workplace satisfaction by improving transparency:
Each status update has a separate section for comments, which is used by team members to clarify information, including upcoming goals, and by leaders to provide feedback and coordinate better without micromanagement, post congratulations and acknowledge job well done.
Use status updates for future reference and decrease time and efforts spent on monthly, quarterly, and yearly reporting thanks to powerful filtering and export features.
Optionally, enrich reports with the latest updates automatically added from web apps your team uses (such as project management tools, version control systems, support systems, financial applications, CRM, etc.) by connecting these apps to your status feed.
Spend less time on meetings by making them more productive because everyone is on the same page at all times.
Sharing: Status updates can be either— exported to files and printed, or sent by email;
— shared with manager online; or
— shared online as company-wide or team-wide status reports, i.e., all team members share their progress with each other.
 

 

How to configure status updates:
Step 1:

Create a “Status Update” feed and set up a recurrence.
Configure who will write and read status updates by choosing the “Participants” tab and then clicking the “Cog” button near “Feed Participants” title.
how to create status updates status feed
Options:

Set the status feed as “Team-wide” if you want all team members to view each other’s status updates.
Alternatively, you can allow access to status updates for certain participants only (such as yourself if you’re a team lead). In this case, turn “Team-wide” mode OFF and restrict viewing by unchecking “View” properties for other participants. Team members with the “View” checkbox unchecked will only be able to view their own status updates.
If you’re a manager and you don’t plan to share your status updates with your team, uncheck “Update” for yourself – in this case, you won’t receive reminders.
The Recurrence setting configures how often participants receive email reminders to fill in their status updates. This feature is optional and can be turned off.
You can add, remove, and assign new team members at any time.
Step 2: The text of the status update should be added to the “Update” field of status feed.

how to add an update to status report
As soon as a new status update is added, participants with “View” rights can view it in real time when they log in to their accounts. They will also automatically receive emails with the full text of status updates.

Done!

CREATE YOUR FREE ACCOUNT NOW

 

Get new articles to your email!
Enter your email here
Home Try Status Business Articles Templates Login