He is the group leader and allocates appropriate tasks to his teammates.
He has created a team that works collaboratively to finish the project much faster.
He helps coworkers with their tasks even if they are outside his direct responsibility.
He always assists coworkers that are having difficulty with their tasks.
He takes care that every team member’s allocated task is the best one for them.
He has a wide skill set and although he has some weaknesses, he always seeks help from appropriate colleagues when needed.
He has built the multiple working relationships needed to get the job done.
He has good relationships with all of her peers. They all assist each other when needed.
He helps other employees even when not required to.
The team he has created is a good example for others to follow.
He promotes cooperation throughout the organization very well.
He tackles all tasks he is assigned enthusiastically and also takes on additional tasks.
He promotes cooperation well to ensure staff work as a team to meet deadlines.
He encourages people to work together to achieve a common goal.
He puts getting the job done ahead of his own interests.
He works well with coworkers, staff, managers, and members of other teams.
He understands clearly that to complete the projects is a team effort. He is always willing to help others when needed.
He connects his staff members together well to create a team first environment.
He promotes a team-centered environment.
He is a proven team player.
He is an asset who can effectively work with other teams and departments.
He does what it takes to get the job done. He also takes on additional tasks.
He ensures coworkers coordinate to meet deadlines and work effectively as a team.
He encourages people to work together towards a common goal.
He gives of himself to make sure the job is well done.
He offers assistance willingly.
He makes a positive contribution to morale.
He accepts constructive criticism positively.
She shows sensitivity and consideration to other people’s feelings.
He creates a positive and inclusive work environment.
He is a strong team player; who is humble and says that projects are the achievement of the whole team.
He builds solidarity between his team members to enhance team spirit.
He one of is the top staff members who cooperates well with other teams and divisions.
He always tries his best to finish his tasks, even these duties do not belong to him.
He unites individuals together in order to meet deadlines and efficiently perform their duties.
He can be counted on to carry out assignments with careful follow-through and follow-up.
He helps form alliances between his staff members and foster a team-first environment.
He excels at any project he is involved due to his ability to form effective teams.
He can bring disparate groups together even in the most difficult situations.
He will do whatever is necessary to get the job done, even taking on extra tasks that are not his own.
He works until the job is complete. He is very result orientated.
He is self-motivated and strives to complete all his tasks on time.
He is a big-picture thinker. He continually seeks to expand the horizons of the company.
He has a thirst for skills and knowledge. He always challenges himself to perform tasks to the best possible standard.
He strives to find new challenges that will expand his experience.
He aligns his goals with those of the company.
He does not need much direction from above. He has a strong work ethic.
He always anticipates problems and thinks of creative solutions in advance.
He is willing and often does stay late until his goals are met.
He is a perfectionist. He does not stop until he has produced excellent results.
He shows significant interest in the project and he constantly generates new ideas.
He dresses in a professional manner.
He is always honest and reliable when working with others.
He frequently motivates others in the team.
He has a high level of professional knowledge of his job.
He complies with the company regulations strictly.
He presents himself well.
He exceeds the expectations of the company.
He remains calm and composed under high levels of pressure.
He has a welcoming and friendly character.
He stringently observes the company regulations.
He maintains a polite demeanor and appearance.
He fully satisfies the company’s expectations.
He has the ability to remain calm under pressure.
His conduct is warm and friendly.
He maintains a positive outlook and this is appreciated when making decisions in difficult situations.
His most special quality is his positive attitude.
His positive attitude and willingness to share his positive thoughts on any situation is highly appreciated.
He actively encourages his coworkers. He creates an environment that empowers mutual trust.
His attitude is always appropriate. He has a positive demeanor.
He thrives under pressure and brings the team together.
He has a likeable and humorous character that creates a positive atmosphere.
He always accentuates the positives in any situation.
He has a positive attitude that clearly demonstrates her enjoyment of what she does.
He arrives promptly every day.
His effective leadership allows his team’s time management and attendance to be among the best in the company.
His team meets many challenges in scheduling yet he ensures adequate staffing levels at all times.
His performance is always reliable and he follows his work schedule well.
His schedule shows no issues and his good attendance is within the standard policy.
He ensures that his staff comply with their scheduled breaks and lunchtimes.
His attendance and punctuality is within company guidelines.
He begins each day fully refreshed and prepared for any challenges.
He has paid good attention to timekeeping this year and is consistently punctual.
He ensures that meetings open and end on time.
He plans his time off well in advance.
He is punctual and consistently arrives at meetings on time.
He arrives at meetings on time and well prepared.
He attained perfect attendance over the time period.
He adheres to company policy when scheduling time off.
He completes work according to promised deadlines.
He manages his schedule well. He fully completes all tasks assigned to him for the week.
He strictly ensures his staff maintain proper timekeeping. He manages his staff well to ensure they perform their duties on schedule.
His schedule shows no cause for concern. He is rarely absent and follows company policy.
He is reliable and has good attendance.
He has good attendance and is reliable.
He arrives at work punctually and ready to begin and returns from breaks on time.
He sets a standard by his perfect attendance.
He is the ideal employee who arrives to work and leaves on time. He also takes his breaks as per his schedule.
He arrives at work every day fully prepared to tackle his responsibilities.
He is reliable and there are no concerns with his attendance.
He always ensures that his employees adhere to their lunch schedules and breaks.
His attendance and punctuality is within company guidelines.
He consistently meets all/most deadlines.
He is punctual for work and meetings.
He always arrives to work prepared.
He is a detail minded person and his work is always completed with high quality.
He always maintains a high level of accuracy in his work.
He never neglects even the smallest detail of tasks assigned to him.
He makes defect free products.
He is very focused. He is conscious of every detail in his work.
He is highly reliable. His performance displays exceptional quality and accuracy.
He accomplished all tasks he is assigned in a timely manner.
He maintains a good standard of work aligned with a high level of productivity.
He frequently encourages and helps colleagues to achieve high levels of productivity.
He is fully aware of and acknowledges the importance of quality in his work.
He displays a highly consistent level of performance in his work.
He is always ready and prepared to accept new responsibilities and projects.
He constantly pursues new learning and training opportunities.
He consistently takes on additional responsibilities within the team.
He is skillful in developing more efficient methods to perform specific tasks.
He consistently looks for new ways to help the team.
He is always willing to take a risk with learning opportunities.
He takes on new responsibilities with minimal guidance or direction.
He is not afraid to take calculated risks to make things work better.
He has a strong grasp and understanding of his job responsibilities.
He has strong communication with management on required updates in his job function.
His knowledge of his job surpasses the required level.
He collaborates well with other departments.
He has an extensive peer network to access the required skills when necessary.
He shares his job knowledge well with his peers.
He shares his knowledge of industry trends and best practices to achieve enhanced outcomes in his job.
He is highly adept in all areas of his job function.
He is very detail minded. His work is always done with exceptional quality.
He ensures his work is accurate before giving it to the customer.
He pays attention to detail in every task he is given.
He produces error free output.
He has a great eye for the details.
His work can be relied on to be accurate and as expected / requested.
He is a careful person. He always thinks twice before acting so his performance is always accomplished well.
He is always exact when he performs his duties.
He never skips any detail of his assignments.
He consistently makes error-free products.
He is reliable and his performance is of exceptional quality and accuracy.
He is detailed and focused. His work is always completed with high quality.
He always maintains accuracy in his work.
He never neglects any detail of any task given to him.
He never makes mistake in the products he produces.
He pays strong attention to his work. He never ignores any detail of his work.
His good performance level is highly appreciated. His work is high quality and accurate.
He meets or exceeds all requirements with high productivity.
He developed a [program/initiative] that delivered [x] results.
He improved output/production by [x]%.
He exceeded start of year goals by [number].
He thoroughly plans and prepares for the unexpected.
He provides consistent results that clients or customers can always count on.
He deals with difficult demands from clients and customers in a way that leaves everyone satisfied.
He will never quit until a project is finished.
He maintains a calm and composed demeanor under stressful situations.
He always knows how to best apply new and more effective approaches to conduct business.
He enables others to remain calm and focused on the main goals.
He quickly adapts to changes in the performance of his duties.
He readily appreciates others’ comments or criticism.
He shows initiative at work by adopting new and appropriate methods to perform his duties.
He acknowledges and recognizes any proposal for change.
He is ready to face up to any change in circumstances.
He promptly tackles changes while completing his assignments.
He welcomes criticism that will help to improve the business.
He demonstrates an enthusiastic approach to whatever method he is using to fulfill a task.
He is open to any proposed change.
He gets involved and quickly adapts to different changes in different situations.
He is willing to look for more effective methods to conduct business.
He stays calm whenever there are stressful circumstances.
He enables everyone around him to remain calm and concentrate on the final goal.
He promptly tackles changes during doing his assignments.
He welcomes criticism to help improve his business.
He enthusiastically comments about the method he is using to fulfill a task.
He accepts change readily.
He actively involves himself in the business. He responds well to change and different situations.
His communication skills, both verbal and written, are highly effective.
He is a friendly communicator and has built a rapport with every division in the company.
He can effectively communicate the requirements of the job and the expected outcome to his employees. He regularly talks to his employees to ensure work is on track.
He is an effective communicator who works very well with his team members.
He builds good relationships through open and friendly communication.
He can freely converse with anybody around him.
He can engage well with anyone.
He has a nice and gentle demeanor. He relates to others very well.
He is able to connect with people in a uncomfortable environment and encourage them to do a great job.
He is highly spoken of by others due his ability to build good relationships.
His positive attitude and willingness to listen are highly appreciated by her coworkers.
He has a natural ability to put others at ease and this is an important asset.
He is always improving himself and works well with others.
He is able to quickly understand peoples personalities and relate to them well.
He is able to connect to people in unusual ways. This has proven to be a great asset in his managerial role.
He regularly gives constructive feedback.
He is willing to consider other people’s ideas.
He asks pertinent and insightful questions.
He is able to explain complex and difficult issues in terms that are easy to understand.
He is not afraid to say “I don’t know” when faced with a difficult question.
He is able to summarize and communicate key business decisions effectively.
His communication skills stand out from those of his peers.
He effectively persuades and convinces his peers, especially in times of high stakes.
He is an effective listener. He is always willing to hear and understand others’ fears or concerns.
He makes new employees feel welcome.
He is a calming influence when the team is under pressure.
He strives to create a positive atmosphere in the work place.
She communicates effectively, both verbally and in writing.
His long experience working with people is clearly evident in his communication skills.
He has the valuable skill of being able to communicate difficult concepts in easy to understand language.
He is good at communicating difficult messages with employees, management, and customers.
As an employee, his communication was good; as a manager, he has proved an even more effective communicator. His communication skills have improved tremendously this year.
He is an adept communicator and is one of the best business writers I have had the pleasure of working with. He communicates very well through his reports and white papers.
His written communication is very good, however his verbal communication skills could be improved. He should work on being an active listener.
He reports necessary information to his coworkers.
He is excellent at keeping a written record of his assignments and projects.
His key strength is his candor and effective communication with his employees.
His core strength is his ability to immediately connect with anyone.
He is a very competent communicator.
He has a knack for making people feel important when he speaks with them. This translates into great opportunities for teamwork and connections to form.
He makes people feel at home. His natural ability to work with people is a great asset to our team.
He conducts himself and the relationships with his coworkers very well.
He can quickly build a positive relationship with people and understand how to relate to them.
He is able to create a sustain a positive and professional relationship with her coworkers, direct reports, and management team.
He is a positive influence on those around him and inspires them to work harder.
He has a good understanding of how to relate to people and make them comfortable.
He can seemingly strike up a conversation with anybody. He has a gift in relating to people around him.
He can find a point of connection with just about anyone.
He is a nice and affable person who works well with others.
He has a natural rapport with people and communicates very well with others.
He finds it easy to connect with others and relates well with them.
He maintains good relationships with every department in the company through his skill in communicating with others.
He has good relationships with his colleagues due to his good communication skills.
He is friendly and open-minded so he creates good relationship with other team members.
He brings comfort to people working with him. He makes people feel great when being in a team with him.
He has the ability to resolve any issue by himself and he creates good relationships with his colleagues.
He can easily create a positive relationship with others and knows how to communicate with them.
He has a special ability in connecting people and he applies this ability well as a manager.
He sought and considered ideas from others on issues that affected them.
His spoken communication was well-organized, courteous, and effective.
He provided or exchanged information while keeping others informed through effective communication.
He was sensitive to the feelings and efforts of others.
He listens effectively to others’ ideas, problems or suggestions.
He demonstrates effective public greeting skills.
He demonstrates effective telephone skills.
He seeks feedback on the effectiveness of his written and oral communication
He adapts his communication methods to respond to different audiences.
He provides accurate and timely information, both written and orally.
He actively listens to others.
He involves others in problem solving.
He provides clear instructions and expectations.
He works in an open manner and shares information with others to get the job done.
He expresses ideas clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing.
He listens carefully, and sincerely considers the ideas of others.
He maintains confidentiality, and exercises good judgment about what to say and when.
He responds in a prompt and friendly manner to requests and inquiries.
He keeps others informed.
He routinely meets with supervisors and key customers to exchange information and clarify expectations.
He asks appropriate questions to clarify information or needs.
He provides accurate and timely information both orally and written.
He keeps managers and coworkers informed of his work progress.
He is excellent at keeping written information about her assignments and projects.
One of his core strengths is his ability to immediately connect with someone.
He clearly communicates with his employees and they understand his expectations.
He is a very interesting colleague to work with.
He always knows how to establish a good rapport with other team members.
He gets on well with other people easily. He has very good communication skills.
He can quickly build a positive relationship with people. He understands how to relate to people.
He has a good understanding of how to relate to people and make them comfortable.
His natural ability to work with people is a great asset to our team.
He can maintain good communication with everybody and he also encourages people to work harder and more effectively.
He has good interpersonal skills and knows how to maintain good relationship with others and keep them satisfied.
He is very good at communicating and everybody appreciates his good behavior with others.
He has a natural rapport with people and communicates very well with others.
He makes people feel at home with him. His natural ability to work with people is a great asset to our team.
His uncanny ability to connect with people is a great personality attribute in his role as a manager.
His feedback is always constructive.
He effectively communicates expectations and goals.
He effectively communicates personal concerns.
He effectively highlights problems within the company and/or solutions to fix them.
He manages meetings efficiently.
He is able to listen as effectively as well as talk.
He asks insightful and probing questions.
He is able to empathize with others and is respectful of opposing viewpoints.
He demonstrates appreciation for others and thanks them for their assistance.
He is courteous and acknowledges the contributions of others. He is respectful of the feelings of others.
He respects other peoples’ time and priorities.
He treats others fairly and without prejudice or bias.
He is seen by his peers as someone whom they can depend on.
He does not initiate conflict and actually takes measures to ensure that conflict does not occur.
He demonstrates tact and diplomacy when resolving conflicts. He addresses concerns directly with the individuals involved.
He takes initiative to address concerns with other staff in a timely manner promoting understanding and cooperation.
His approach to conflict resolution is exceptional, creating enhanced teamwork, without hard feelings
He contributes to a positive work environment through his interactions with others.
He demonstrates flexibility by adapting to changes in priorities and the work environment.
He demonstrates positive personal regard when confronting problems with others.
He demonstrates respect for responsible dissent
He behaves in ways designed to keep problems impersonal whenever possible.
He maintains positive work relationships.
He treats others with courtesy and respect.
He is cooperative and responsive.
He builds trust and works with integrity.
He treats others with respect, courtesy, tact, and friendliness and actively attempts to be helpful towards others.
He accepts criticism, is open to new ideas, and handles conflict constructively and diplomatically.
He is consistently able to obtain the cooperation of others.
He works through conflict for positive solutions and results.
He promotes cooperation and teamwork.
He learns from conflict and makes appropriate changes.
He takes the initiative to improve working relationships and foster feelings of mutual respect with coworkers and customers.
He makes a special effort to boost employee morale and create a positive work environment.
He always asks for immediate feedback and takes constructive criticism well. He applies any feedback to his current and future projects to ensure he is performing his work adequately.
His project teams always applaud the way she communicates ideas, requirements and changes. The like how she always encourages open communication.
He instills a sense of confidence in his coworkers and project team by encouraging an atmosphere of openness. His coworkers often comment on how they feel good about sharing new ideas and thoughts without fear of intimidation.
He is a compassionate listener and makes each customer know he values their time.
He shows that he can develop creative solutions to solve problems.
He is adept at facing difficult situations.
He usually has insightful viewpoints, so whenever we need a fresh look at a problem, we know we can turn to him.
He is expert at taking creative ideas and molding them into solutions.
He can tackle common problems by creating new and innovative solutions.
He encourages his teammates to create ideas which have form and provide more creative solutions.
His creativity is very high. Specifically, he solved a problem with an extra creative solution.
He thinks outside the box to find the best solutions to a particular problem.
He is creative and finds ways to correlate ideas with actions.
He skillfully adapts when presented with new information and ideas.
He s always willing to directly challenge the status quo in pursuit of a more effective solution.
He regularly contributes fresh ideas.
He encourages coworkers to be inventive.
He contributes innovative ideas in group projects.
He regularly contributes suggestions on how to improve company processes.
He constantly searches for new ideas and ways to improve efficiency.
He creates an invigorating atmosphere for his team: one in which new ideas are rewarded and encouraged.
He doesn’t accept “we’ve always done it this way” as a solution. He constantly reviews solutions to see if they are the most effective way of doing things.
He encourages his teammates to think outside of the box and to be more creative with solutions.
In meetings, he is very good at extracting unique ideas out of people, even those not normally considered as very creative people.
He is a very creative innovator. He solved an on-going problem by looking for a solution from all angles.
When we’re in crisis mode, he can be relied upon to craft a viable and inventive solution.
She has a creative personality which allows her to suggest original ideas. She should continue to adopt this position in the company.
He is an innovator at heart. His skill in inspiring new ideas is an asset to our team.
He has an imaginative personality and is very resourceful in times of need.
He has a creative touch in a sometimes monotonous role within our team. He adds an admirable inspiration to the day-to-day tasks he performs.
He adds an artistic flair to everything he produces which makes his projects much more enjoyable than most.
He creates breakthrough and helpful ideas in meetings – one of people you do not think to be creative employees.
When we face difficulty, we are sure that we can rely on her for a helpful and creative solution.
She has a creative ability which helps her develop unique ideas. She should utilize this to promote her position in the company.
She uses her knowledge of technology and innovates to avoid mistakes.
He constantly searches for new ideas and ways to improve efficiency.
He creates an exciting atmosphere for his team: one in which new ideas are rewarded and encouraged.
He encourages his teammates to think outside of the box and to be more creative with solutions.
He is very good at extracting unique ideas out of people during meetings – some you might not consider as very creative people.
He is an innovator at heart – his skill at inspiring new ideas is an asset to our team.
Her has an imaginative personality and is very resourceful in times of need.
In meetings, he often has new and interesting ideas about the issues discussed. It shows his creativity.
He is a creative person. When problems occur, he is often the first person who thinks and finds the most effective solutions to deal with them perfectly.
He is the person we rely on to deal with serious problems, He keeps a clear r mind clear and think intelligently. He can give the most innovative and effective solutions.
His willingness to assist team mates in completing their tasks demonstrates his sense of responsibility.
His is fully accountable for his actions and never shirks responsibility.
His character trait of recognizing and complying with his responsibilities is remarkable.
He has an accountable attitude.
The quality of his work is highly consistent.
His work is always submitted in a timely fashion.
He respects his work timescales fully.
He is highly punctual on arrival to work and also meetings.
He meets deadlines without needing to be reminded.
He fully complies with departmental leave and absence procedures.
His status reports are accurate, correct and on time.
He demonstrates commitment to the company in both words and actions.
He submits all assigned work accurately and on time.
He submits paperwork related to his job accurately and on time.
He ensures his responsibilities are appropriately covered while on leave.
He maintains an open attitude to change in order to successfully complete the job.
He accepts change readily.
He responds to change ensuring it is implemented in a positive way to enhance the success of the business.
He treats confidential material with the appropriate care.
He never publicly makes negative comments.
He completes projects ahead of schedule without compromising quality.
He presents a positive public image of the agency to others.
He copes with new situations, unusual demands, emergencies or other critical incidents very well.
He maintains a business-like demeanor
He avoids participating in gossip and rumors.
He actively seeks new or additional on-the-job training opportunities to obtain mastery over tasks, expand personal knowledge and add value to the work group.
He demonstrates initiative consistent with job expectations to improve his performance.
He performed his standard duties throughout the year and in addition took on several large projects and some smaller ones that had a significant positive impact on the department.
He completes work within established time lines.
He completes work well in advance of deadlines, allowing sufficient time for it to be reviewed.
He demonstrates the professional job-specific skills necessary to provide the appropriate quality of work.
He takes the initiative to learn skills that enhance his ability to contribute to the organization.
He positively influences the behavior of other employees.
He displays through a supportive and optimistic approach to daily activities within the work environment.
He readily assists coworkers in response to fluctuations in workloads.
He offers assistance to others without needing to be asked.
He readily volunteers assistance even when it would not normally be expected.
He is empathetic to the needs of others.
He strives to create a positive atmosphere in the work place.
He shows awareness of the environment external to the organization and its needs.
He routinely uses his time efficiently.
He is always open to receiving feedback on his work.
He is able to work with clients’ objections, cope with them and convince the customers of the merits of his point of view.
He can find the right approach with any client, even the most critical one.
He is always polite and friendly with his customers. He never interrupts them during a conversation.
He cannot afford to disappoint his client. If he has promised to do something, he will fulfill his promise.
He always cares about the clients’ comfort and convenience.
He always tries to take into account the customers’ interests while shaping a commercial offer.
He always finds a way to inform the client about any unexpected changes if any of occur during the work process.
He always tries to provide the customers with detailed information on any specific issue which they are interested in.
He implements all contract arrangements and fulfills all obligations to his clients.
His good attitude towards clients makes them use the company’s service again and recommend it to others.
He always goes above and beyond his job requirements to satisfy his customers.
He works well with customers. He can deal with furious customers with a calm and rational attitude.
His peers, managers, and customers rate his handling of customer service situations as very good.
He is one of our most proficient customer service trainers. His ability is demonstrated when working in customer care.
He understands how to listen to customers and find out the details which make a big difference when dealing with our clients.
His customers always rate him highly and give him high marks on on his customer satisfaction surveys.
He understands how to make sure that customers are satisfied. He does everything necessary to retain customers.
He works well with clients. His clients never complain about him
He is good at keeping customers happy. He successfully up-sells to them at the same time
He solves customer complaints with a calm attitude. He handles difficult situations with customers very well.
He demonstrates how providing excellent customer service has a lasting effect on customer relationships and customer retention.
He works effectively with clients.
He creates a strong rapport with those he interacts with.
He clearly enjoys the people related aspects of the business.
He is pleasant and projects a friendly tone over the phone.
He has become a linchpin with clients.
He consistently spearheads effective customer relations.
He Is empathetic when faced with customer issues.
He Is helpful and diect in dealing with customer concerns.
He displays an effective cadence when working with clients on projects. His manner is effective without being not overbearing.
He artfully helps customers overcome objections.
He deals with difficult customers with grace.
He handles customer service situations well. He is rated well by his peers, managers, and customers.
He understands how to listen to customers. He can extract the details which make a big difference when dealing with our clients.
He deals with customer complaints with a calm demeanor. He is very good at handling difficult situations with customers.
He works with customers very well. He is very good at dealing with irate customers in a calm and rational manner.
He takes great pride in his work.
He skillfully overcomes client objections.
He has consistently high marks on his customer satisfaction surveys.
He understands the latitude to ensure customer satisfaction. He does everything necessary to retain customers.
He always keeps appointments and returns calls.
He is approachable and responsive to customers and others.
He shows appropriate patience with complaining customers and employees.
He treats the customer with respect and courtesy.
He provides consistent, quality service to all customers.
He is available to the customer and provides accurate, consistent, and honest information
He listens to the customer and provides feedback that will benefit the customer in the future
He understands who the customer is.
He strives to satisfy customers’ needs.
He offers appropriate and innovative solutions to customer problems.
He demonstrates a courteous and professional attitude in handling customer complaints.
He responds promptly to requests for information or assistance.
He meets customer expectations in a timely manner. He delivers what has been promised.
He follows up with customers in a timely manner.
He responds to telephone and e-mail messages within four hours.
He anticipates the future needs or problems of customers. He takes action to meet future customer needs or solve problems in advance.
He makes an extra effort to keep customers accurately informed.
He understands the customer from their point of view. He has a thorough knowledge of the customer’s world and is able to anticipate customer’s requests.
A person with good decision-making skills should be making sound fact based judgements.
Able to work out multiple alternative solutions and determine the most suitable choice.
Be objective in considering facts or situations.
Doesn’t allow individual emotions or feelings influence decisions.
Is decisive in difficult situations.
Is supportive and encourages others to work with him.
He is skilled at analyzing any situation and working out a solution.
He always defines a problem clearly and seeks out alternative solutions.
He always thinks twice before making his decision.
He consistently updates colleagues on what is going on within the company.
He is prepared to tackle complex situations and always develops suitable solutions to offer to the managers.
He always understands problem thoroughly and tries to find different solutions.
He only makes a decision after considering it carefully.
He provides the latest information relating to his job to everyone.
He does not mind facing complicated situations and always finds appropriate solutions to offer to management.
He is able to work out multiple alternative solutions and determine the most suitable one.
He is objective when considering a fact or situation.
He is firm to not let the individual emotion and feeling affect on the made decision.
He is decisive in difficult situations.
He is able to make sound fact-based judgments.
He is able to analyze any problem and find the best solution to any problem.
He always analyzes an issue carefully and then looks for different ways to resolve that issue.
He is ready to deal with complicated consequences. He has ability to find the most suitable solutions to submit to management.
He thinks through potential resolutions to problems before making a rash judgment.
He keeps management apprised of ongoing problems or issues that occur within the department.
He is not afraid to respond to complex issues and provide recommendations to all levels of management.
He is able to successfully analyze a problem and find an appropriate resolution.
He clearly explains the problem and offers the users several different resolution options.
His investigative skills has provided a key resource for a team focused on solving glitches. His ability to quickly assess a problem and identify potential solutions is key to his excellent performance.
He examines a problem and quickly identifies potential solutions. He recommends the most suitable solution.
He understands the testing process and how to discover a solution to a particular problem.
He is one of the more technical employees we have on staff. He can quickly analyze a situation and discover practical solutions.
He is adept at discovering potential solutions for problems.
He is willing to work overtime until the project is finished.
He is the go-to person if the task absolutely must be completed by a given time.
He shows that he is a positive person who is willing to do whatever it takes to help.
He is an important member of our team and will finish the task when it is required.
We can believe in him.
He never fails to impress by performing well each day. We depend on him.
He always finishes the jobs faithfully, He performs at or above all our expectations.
He is loyal and trustworthy.
He is one of our hardest workers. He demonstrates that he cares about his job, his coworkers, and the company.
He consistently impresses us with her willingness to do whatever it takes to get the job done.
He is a very reliable employee.
He is dependable and turns in good performance each day. He never fails to impress.
He shows faithful commitment to getting the job done. He consistently performs at or above expectations.
When we have a task that must be done, we turn to him. He has our trust because he’s proven he can get the job done.
He is known for his dependability and willingness to do what it takes.
He is willing to get her hands dirty with his employees to ensure the job gets completed on time.
There are many times we have tasks that absolutely must be completed by a given time. He can be relied upon to get the task accomplished on time.
He has been a reliable and valued member of team. His commitment to punctuality and attendance has contributed greatly to our team’s overall success.
He displays exceptional performance day after day.
He keeps his word under all circumstances.
He does everything possible to maintain a strong and steady performance in all circumstances.
He is unfazed by any obstacles, pressures or demands that would justifiably derail others.
He can be counted on to give 100 percent under all circumstances.
He keeps to his commitments and works with fellow employees to help them keep to theirs.
He automatically works extra hours if that’s what it takes to get the job done right.
He can be counted upon for steady performance.
He consistently demonstrates solid performance in all aspects of his work.
He handles projects conscientiously from start to finish.
He is an asset to our team. If it needs to to completed, he will finish it.
He is very punctual and values the time of her colleagues and business partners. He has never been late to business meetings.
He is a very honest person. He never abuses any company benefits for personal purposes.
He is a highly principled. He is good manager who treats all employees equally, regardless of gender, age or any other factor.
He has the ability to resolve disputes with clients and partners peacefully.
He discourages gossip or other negative discourse at the workplace. He forms a good working climate.
He is well-mannered and never criticizes his colleagues when they do something incorrectly. He helps to remedy the situation instead.
He always complies with the dress code. His conduct is as proper and formal as his appearance.
He is a skilled negotiator who follows corporate rules and studied techniques. His negotiation skills have had a positive impact on his career development.
He has developed an effective system of encouraging and criticizing of her employees. His people-management is respected by the working community.
He is one of the most moral employees. His firm stand on principles and ethics is to be commended.
He follows all company policies. He abides by both the letter and the spirit of the rules.
He is highly trustworthy. He shows high ideals about how he believes those around him should behave.
He is someone we expect a lot out of and he consistently delivers. His daily work ethic is a standard which others should follow.
He understands his legal responsibility to the company very well.
His high standards of ethics are shown through all of his work on a daily basis.
He maintains the highest standards of personal integrity.
He displays exemplary behavior in every aspect of his work.
He is highly regarded for his integrity both within and outside the company.
He Is a true embodiment of the company’s values regarding integrity.
He sets the standard for integrity.
He Identifies the most worthy steps and then follows them.
He always opts for the reputable route when given a choice.
He finds and implements commendable ways to handle any ethically challenging situation.
His employees emulate the very high personal standards of integrity he sets.
He consistently engages in meritorious behavior.
He can be counted upon to act honorably in all situations.
He fosters a climate of integrity in his department.
He demonstrates the highest levels of integrity in all his dealings with employees.
He always deals with customers with the highest levels of integrity.
He has a strong sense of integrity that underlies all his dealings with vendors.
He shows good intentions in all her workplace behaviors.
He consistently takes the high road.
He suitably counsels employees who engage in inappropriate behaviors.
He has a strong sense of right and wrong. He consistently strives to do what’s right
He maintains high standards of integrity across his department.
He makes decisions that consistently reflect his strong commitment to acting reputably.
He quickly dismisses less than exemplary options.
He is a flexible manager and always tries to understand and respect his employees’ situations. He creates a positive working environment.
He is ready to improve and develop necessary skills to make his job more effective. He participates in trainings and other corporate events.
He never gets stressed in unexpected situations. He never complains about innovations introduced at the workplace.
He is ready to make a new and carefully considered decision if the situation has changed and the previous actions have become inappropriate.
He is ready to work extra hours if urgent and essential issues must be solved by the end of the day.
He is always ready for business trips when necessary for his job and for improving relationships with clients.
He is strong and confident but at the same time open-minded. He is always ready to consider proposals from colleagues.
He is always stays aware of market changes to be able to react immediately. This awareness helps the company develop and flourish.
He always takes opposite and conflicting views into account to develop proper compromise solutions.
He tries to find an individual approach to each person, colleague and customer. He optimizes his work and get benefits for the company.
He constantly identifies more efficient ways of doing business.
He readily accepts constructive criticism.
He is a well-versed team player. He is capable of handling a variety of assignments.
He is calm under pressure.
He is a calming influence, especially within his peer group.
He shows initiative, and is flexible when approaching new tasks.
✓One of his strengths is his ability to design achievable goals. He ensures those goals are all met on time.
✓He is effective at goal-setting and challenging himself.
✓He clearly communicates goals and objectives to coworkers.
He takes responsibility for the performance of his staff members. He ensures the achievement of the goals as planned.
He defines clear goals and expects the right performance from his group.
He knows how to keep his staff focused on a plan. He assigns suitable duties to each of them.
He knows to assign suitable duties to each staff member. He urges his staff to give him the results he expects.
He gives frequent feedback to his staff members. He coaches them to perform as required.
He constantly strives to be the best he possibly can be.
He sets concrete and measurable goals.
He sets aggressive targets to meet business objectives.
He creates clearly defined goals aligned with the company’s mission.
He proactively shares progress towards goals.
He usually shares his knowledge with his staff to help them perform their duties better.
He takes responsibility for his team’s work and goals.
He sets concrete and measured tasks.
He assigns the right duty to the right staff and instructs them how to perform their assignments well.
He always gives each staff member the right assignment. His staff reward his expectations in their performances.
He ensures his staff understand their job responsibilities. He holds his staff accountable for their responsibilities.
He clearly communicates objectives, and what is expected from them to his team members.
He consistently shares feedback with his staff regarding their progress.
He holds himself accountable for his team’s performance objectives and goals.
He sets clear and measurable performance expectations.
When working in a team, he always pays attention to the goals set. He monitors his staff’s achievements.
He focuses on setting clear and achievable goals. He judges the right performance level from his group when doing their tasks.
He doesn’t wait for instructions. He shows the initiative to find new tasks himself.
He requires minimal supervision. He shows initiative on his own.
He s a goal-oriented person. He sets his own priorities to accomplish his job.
He is a very creative person. He is skilled in finding the best ways to get a job done.
He has a high sense of responsibility to his job. He tries to perfect his performance without prompting.
He never feels satisfied with his performance. He always seeks new ways to improve himself.
He is supportive of new ideas, goals and working methods no matter where they come from.
He is always ready to take over new tasks whenever needed.
Has excellent communication skills. He gets the job done through the best use of people.
He is flexible and has the ability to adjust to any situation. He shows willingness to do whatever is necessary to get the task done.
He always seeks ways to enhance his abilities and better himself.
He always takes responsibility for his team and its performance.
He always looks for new challenges and makes the work environment better.
He always takes initiative in overcoming obstacles and finding a resolution that meets everyone’s needs.
He fulfils his duty is by finding new challenges for himself.
He does not need guidance. He always carries out his assignments without waiting to be told.
He is a responsible staff member. He always performs his assignments through initiative without supervision.
He explores new opportunities without being pushed to do so.
He requires minimum supervision.
He is always pursuing ways to further development or better himself.
He always takes responsibility for his area and their actions.
He is always challenging the way it has always been done and seeks to improve the environment.
He champions new ideas, objectives or tools.
He seeks and takes on any new opportunity that might present itself.
He often thinks that his performance is not as good as everybody says. He always wants to try to improve his performance as much as possible.
He is considered as the best person in the group because of his innovative ideas, critical goals and effective working methods.
He never minds taking on new tasks. He always takes on even the most difficulty tasks to develop himself.
He is very studious. He is willing to study the knowledge needed for his job. He shares everything he knows with other team members.
He always keeps himself updated about new information and knowledge in relation to his field of expertise.
He shows a potentially excellent level knowledge about the job requirements and related skills.
He is very knowledgeable about the products and special features of the company’s products.
John is very hard-working. He does not mind studying anything relating to the job. He shares anything he knows with other colleagues.
He always shares updated and new information and knowledge relating to specialist area in which he is working.
He possesses the perfect knowledge and skills that are useful for the his job.
He has a deep knowledge of the products and particular characteristics of the company’s products.
He possesses appropriate the expertise to perform his job at a highly professional level.
He takes the available opportunities to increase his knowledge of relevant job skills.
He completes his assignments accurately and in a timely and efficient manner.
He shares his knowledge with coworkers.
He maintains an up-to-date level of professional and technical knowledge.
He demonstrates his knowledge of his job on a daily basis.
He always applies new knowledge to his work and keeps up with changes in his field.
He is always the first to understand new rules, upgraded software and equipment and adjust to the changes.
His skill set exceeds the requirements for the job.
He knows how to apply appropriate knowledge and find information sources to make sound decisions.
He is a fair decision-maker.
He doesn’t let his viewpoint be clouded by doubt when faced with a problem.
He can remain calm and cool-headed when dealing with problems.
He can be very persuasive with his sound arguments.
He is a fact-based decision maker.
He maintains an objective judgment when determining immediate actions.
He shows sound judgement when evaluating multiple opportunities.
He comes to reasonable conclusions based on the information presented to him.
He Is fact-based, and refuses to accept emotional arguments when making a decision.
He remains calm, especially under stress.
He balances swift decision-making, with the ability to analyze the many angles to a problem.
He is confident and persuasive when making big decisions.
He consistently understands the core issues. His understanding of the issues enables him to solve problems at a remarkable pace.
He makes confident decisions when presented with facts and data.
He effectively prioritizes urgent matters over those that can wait.
He effectively outlines the best case and worst case scenarios to aid decision-making.
He encourages others to voice their own opinions.
He listens to opinions and ensures that staff feel that they are being listened to, and are free to express their opinions.
He has mastered the skill of showing the employee he has understood their concerns and opinions.
He tries to understand the employee’s point of view.
He shows appropriate behavior and gestures, such as nodding or keeping eye contact to indicate attention and agreement.
He patiently to listens to others’ opinions and waits until they finish speaking.
He is an active and focused listener.
He makes sure the team feels heard.
He creates healthy dialogue to help the bring about the best solution.
He listens with an open mind.
He demonstrates a sincere appreciation for opposing viewpoints.
He actively seeks feedback, even when it’s not in agreement with his own view.
He asks insightful questions to understand the root cause of an issue.
He empathizes with others who have opposing viewpoints.
He follows instructions with care and attention.
He is sincerely interested in what others have to say and listens fully before responding.
He listens to, and promptly follows all directions.
He is always an attentive and active listener.
He encourages feedback from his customers. He listens to customers and works to resolve any problems.
He organizes and gives direction, guidance and feedback to his subordinates and colleagues.
He maintains open communication among his employees.
He acknowledges the accomplishments of employees and recognizes their contributions.
He encourages employees to take responsibility for their performances.
He distributes resources in an appropriate manner depending on the priority of assignments.
He establishes a corporate culture of reliability and caring.
He shared the vision of the action plan with employees.
He gained the respect of the employees.
He is responsible for his own staff.
He is ready to share information and knowledge for the common development of all staff.
He is very helpful when mentoring entry-level staff getting used to their jobs.
He is a great mentor who is very helpful to new staff.
He demonstrates high level of knowledge of internal policies and standards, which is a key requirement for an effective mentor.
He is a servant-leader, who is always willing to help his team.
He gives structure, feedback and direction to his team.
He consistently recognizes his team for a job well done.
He actively listens to his team’s feedback and comments.
He creates a culture of dialogue.
He recognizes staff for a job well done.
He allows just enough differences to find the best outcome.
He balances the overall strategy of the organization with tactical day-to-day tasks.
He demonstrates setting a high bar for ethical behavior.
He appreciates the performance of staff and appreciates their loyalty.
He praises the staff who take responsibility for their performances.
He allocates tasks appropriately based on the prior assignments.
He provides the information and knowledge beneficial to the general development of the staff.
He understands how to take daily tasks and motivate employees to meet a long term goal.
He leads the team in the difficult environment of customer service to success, meeting all objectives.
He understands people and the different ways to motivate them to get the job done.
He is an excellent coach and regularly receives maximum performance feedback scores from his direct reports.
He understands that good leaders improve themselves through study, training, and experience. He is willing to commit the hours necessary for these pursuits.
He is able to bring out the best out of those in the team.
He has established an effective system for communication and information retrieval.
He provides constant coaching and guidance to employees.
He is open to listening to employees, as well as experimenting with new management techniques.
He empowers others to take initiative as well.
He shows sound judgement in critical decision making.
He avoids knee jerk reactions, and collects all relevant facts before making a decision.
He creates an atmosphere in which creativity and innovation is both rewarded and encouraged.
He is very good at managing his team to perform their tasks excellently.
He is a good manager and he leads his team to perform their assignments well.
He managed a flawed team In difficult circumstances, and developed it to be one of the best in our organization.
His team and managers gave him positive feedback and good comments.
He is very good at training employees. He directs them use their strengths to better their performances.
He is expert in training his employees. He provides good management of them.
He leads his team to be the best team despite the difficulties that go with it.
He is able to set clear objectives and requirements for his subordinates.
He provides sufficient information on guidance and feedback to his team.
He takes charge of directly dealing with problems.
He supervises and care about the performance of his subordinates.
Monitor the process by frequently meeting with each member to show concern about their performance.
He designs action plans and deadlines needed for each subordinate to accomplish their tasks.
He is very professional with his employees and manages them well.
He has had a difficult situation with the team he manages, yet he has turned them around in excellent fashion.
His team performs well and all of them speak highly of him.
He is a top performer and leads a team of high performers. His leadership has contributed to very high productivity from this department.
He understands his team and how to motivate them to high performance.
He manages his team well and elicits good performances from them.
He is an effective manager and understands how to supervise his employees to meet expectations.
He had a rough start but ended the year well with her team turning in the best performers of all the groups.
He has received good feedback from both his team and his managers.
He is very adept at managing difficult employees and turning their energies towards higher performances.
He is an excellent manager and he knows how to lead his staff to satisfy his expectations.
He had a difficult beginning but he and his team achieved the best performance of all groups in the company.
He was pushed into a truly difficult position and managed a complicated team. But in a short time, he led the team to become one of the best.
He has received good remarks from his team and his managers.
He is expert in managing staff. He knows how to use their strengths to make their performances better.
He works as an advisor, friend, and boss for his team. He plays these three roles well to manage his team.
He started the period with a very poor performance. However, she finished it amazingly with her team performance being the best of all the groups.
He took over the worst team of the company, but he managed so well that he has developed every member to be one of the most effective employees in the company.
He has received a lot of positive appraisals from his subordinates and other line-managers.
He manages his team well and receives good performances from them.
He is an effective manager and understands how to supervise his employees to meet expectations.
He had a rough start but she ended the year well with his team turning in the best performance of all the groups.
He is in a difficult situation: he inherited a team that frankly was a mess. He quickly turned the team around to one of our best performers.
He has received good feedback from his team and his managers.
He is very adept at managing difficult employees and turning their energies towards higher performances.
He has a difficult situation with the team he manages, yet he has turned them around in excellent fashion.
His team performs well and all speak highly of him.
He demonstrates good organizational and planning skills.
He is creative and logical in addressing any aspect of his work.
He is quick at finding information.
He is plans and organizes work in timely manner.
He adheres to deadlines and meets production benchmarks.
He works toward an organized and comfortable working environment.
He takes responsibility for work and is ready to stay late to ensure the work is performed well.
He shows a high level of team spirit. He readily cooperates with his team members to get the job done.
He is very good at encouraging other members to do the job according to their best efforts.
He respects every team member.
He appreciates new ideas from his team members very much.
He is very active in asking for the opinion of his team members before making a decision.
He can be relied on by his team members and expects the same from them.
He manages his relationships with his coworkers, managers, and employees in a professional manner.
He works well with others.
He is the consummate team player.
He contributes to the success of the team on a regular basis.
His ability to work well with others has always been impressive. This year, he has really shined in this area. He is one of those team members you would love to have on your team.
He is always one of the first to volunteer to help to get the job done whenever a large project comes in.
He isn’t only concerned about himself and continually contributes to the success of those around him
He always helps out to achieve the goals of the group.
He is a team player and understands how to help others in times of need.
His ability to work with and understand the dynamics of the many teams in the organization has been beneficial to the firm.
He isn’t concerned about who gets the credit, just that the task gets accomplished.
He has a great willingness to help his fellow teammates.
He found a creative workaround that improved processes for the team. His innovative steps resulted in a 25% increase in productivity for the team as a whole.
He is a good team member. He is very cooperative and helpful in times of need.
His ability to coordinate the performances of each team member together is vital to team’s success,
He doesn’t care who receives the credit. He only cares about how to get the job done excellently.
He satisfies everybody because he often contributes positively to the success of others instead of himself.
He knows very well how to keep a good relationship and communication with others to finish team work.
He is often the first person who volunteers.
He empowers himself as well as others around him.
He makes new employees feel welcome.
He recognizes potential in others, and seeks to help them reach that potential.
He is quick to lend a hand to others in need of help.
He shares expertise with others, to teach as well as achieve goals.
He is excellent example of our company culture in action.
He is enthusiastic about work and working with others.
Handles pressure well.
He is sensitive and clear when delivering bad news.
He finds the positive in situations where perspective is required.
His enthusiasm for the work shines through and infects others around them.
He is open to change.
He creates good relationships with his colleagues, managers and staff in a professional environment.
He focuses on the basics to bring success to the team.
He completes his duties without concern who will take the credit.
He does not care for only for himself.
He always devotes himself wholeheartedly to the success of the team.
He is an excellent employee and he understands our systems and processes thoroughly.
He is provided many complicated tasks but he performs them easily.
He is always the first person thoroughly understand and take on the new technology well.
He is always the first choice whenever we need a person to take on new technology.
Everything seems to have big step in the world of technology. We always put our trust in him because he is expert in working with our previous generation systems.
He knows the technical essence of his assignments thoroughly.
He is good at solving complicated issues in his job.
He has the ability to learn new technology quickly and successfully apply it into to enhance his performance.
He has good knowledge of the technology and he knows how to apply it efficiently.
He one of the most technical employees we have.
He is able to grasp complex technical concepts. He explains them in easy to understand ways.
We rely on him when we need to implement new technology.
He is good at understanding the technical nature of his job.
He is excellent at absorbing the complexities of his job.
He deals with very complex topics and discussions. He is always able to bring a level of understanding the rest of us can follow.
He is one of the first people we turn to whenever we have a very technical problem. His ability to grasp technology is an asset to our team.
He is an accomplished technician who understands our systems and processes.
He is one of the first to pick up and understand new technology as we implement it.
He exhibits excellent proficiency in [relevant skill].
He is able to grasp difficult technical concepts and explain them to others.
He tackles the intricacies of the job with ease and flair.
He rarely makes careless errors.
He experiments with new means to improve his skills and results.
He practices a great deal of care in his work.
He has good instincts and knows when to follow them.
He performs his tasks with heart and always accomplishes them in due time.
He is always responsible for his colleagues’ performance and effectiveness.
He is an excellent member of our team. He always makes high quality products.
He has the ability to manage his time and his team’s time well.
He knows how to arrange his schedule to complete both the big and small duties each week.
He always performs his tasks effectively.
He knows how to manage his schedule appropriately to complete his assignments.
He can accomplish his assignments efficiently with the tools provided.
He is able work under high pressure.
He always learns about the nature of projects and duties carefully. He divides his time suitably to complete his assignments.
He shows his ability to manage various tasks and accomplish them on time.
He asks his team take responsibility for their performances and goals.
He is an excellent team member. The products he achieved are always planned in advance and good quality.
He has the ability to control his time and his staff’s time.
He uses his time effectively to perform the big and small duties which must be done every week.
He divides his time logically to achieve his goals.
He knows how to uses the equipment efficiently to manage his time.
He is willing to help his staff find suitable training sessions.
We are impressed with his willingness to give instructions on the latest technologies and facilities.
He does not mind taking part in on the job training. He is a valued team member with his enthusiasm.
He encourages all the team members to join in the necessary training sessions.
He is responsible and makes sure that all members take part in the requisite training sessions.
He is able to learn concepts quickly and adopt them into his performance.
He enthusiastically helps his fellow trainees learn complicated lessons in the training sessions by his “can-do” attitude.
He always finds opportunities to take part in specialized training sessions.
He builds an atmosphere of trust within his team.
His attitude is an asset to his management skills. He continually builds people up. He deals with difficult situations with incredible posture, and focuses on the positives.
He refuses to be downhearted under incredible pressure. He stands firm and the situation does not affect his attitude. Tim has a unique mind-set that is highly appreciated.
His attitude is always spot on.
His cheerful attitude makes others feel good when he’s around.
He accentuates the positives in most situations.
He maintains a steady, positive attitude that helps. His employees feel everything is ok, even when it seemingly isn’t.
He always has a positive attitude. He frequently has a smile on his face and you can tell he enjoys his job.
He is cheerful guy and always people feel delighted to be around him. We are fortunate to him on our team.
He has an even demeanor through good times and bad. His constant cheer helps others keep their “enthusiasm”, both positive and negative, in check.
He has a soothing personality which reflects a very calm personality. His attitude is one which should be emulated.
He brings a level of enthusiasm to his job that few can. He is always one member the team we go to when we need a lift.
He is adept at maneuvering around any obstacles that are thrown at him. He finishes his work on time and with accuracy.
He always smiles when he goes to work. He does not mind showing off his positive attitude to the team.
He has never complained about his job or his colleagues.
He always provides assistance when necessary, even beyond his normal fixed duty hours or at weekends.
He begins each day revitalized and ready for any challenges he may face.
He encourages his colleagues at work. He easily builds an atmosphere of trust within his team
His attitude is a valuable facet of his management skills. He continuously strengthens the connections between among his subordinates. He resolves difficult situations in an amazing manner.
He is firm, determined and confident. His attitude to work is not diminished in any situation. His strong-mindedness is very much appreciated.
He can deal with internal pressure excellently. He maintains the right attitude towards external relationships.
Bill is such as cheerful person that everyone feels good with him around.
He usually focuses his attention on the positives when dealing with problems.
He has a positive attitude and he is willing to share his thoughts about relevant matters.
He congratulates staff on jobs well done. He maintains a good and comfortable environment for his team.
His positive attitude in his management role is his most important and effective skill. He is cooperative with others and tries to connect everybody together. He maintains an incredible posture and focuses on the positives when solving problems.
He is always enthusiastic and helps motivate team other members.
He is very level-headed and handles stressful situations with ease.
He is quick to congratulate coworkers and builds trust within his team.
He uses sharp ideas and critical thinking ability to solve issues quickly.
He decides the most appropriate solution to an issue by considering the pros and cons of it very cautiously.
He responds to any issue very quickly. He always finds solutions for problems on time.
He has strong reasoning and critical-thinking skills that help him handle problems well.
He is careful and always thoroughly considers everything before he submitting any idea.
He always thinks twice before he meets any problem. He rarely faces difficulty when he is faced with extreme situations.
He uses an arsenal of creative strategies to proactively solve a wide range of problems.
He consistently generates outstanding solutions to the most demanding problems.
He focuses on solutions to problems not the symptoms.
He has powerful analytical skills that he applies to every stage of the problem-solving process.
He establishes workable, prioritized, and highly effective problem-solving plans for each problem.
He varies his problem-solving style to meet the nature and demands of the problem itself.
He approaches all problems with confidence and the expectation that he will generate solid and innovative solutions.
He actively seeks out problems that require the most creative thinking.
He quickly analyzes the pros and cons of any solution before deciding what is the most effective way to resolve a problem.
He can find timely solution to any problem quickly and effectively.
He has remained firmly focused on his team’s goals despite the tremendous pressure recently.
He quickly gets to the heart of the problem identifies the root cause. This allows him to manage multiple projects simultaneously, performing well with each.
He knows how to prioritize short-term and long-term goals.
He is a gem and knows the value of time.
He keeps the faith for the team.
He is a consistent performer, a great task scheduler, and has a no-quitter approach to solving problems.
He is like good software that offers seamless backward compatibility.
His team has performed very well over the past year.
He thinks twice before doing anything that may not be worthwhile.
His team looks up to him as a positive influence.
He never loses sight of his goal.
No technical problem is too difficult to solve for him.
He knows the technology that we employ inside-out, and keeps himself informed about up-to-date changes.
